Hello everyone.

So I'd like to welcome you all to the first chapter of the Instagram marketing course over here.

So now we will be learning about Instagram marketing, how you will do, what are the things you need

to understand?

So I'll be giving you guys a small introduction to this whole tutorial.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So over here the topic is unleashing the power of Instagram marketing.

So first off, I'd like to welcome you all to this tutorial of Insta boost, which is the same thing

as Instagram marketing.

So get ready to unleash the power of Instagram marketing.

And in this tutorial, we will explore the creative strategies and tactics to elevate your brand's presence

on this dynamic platform.

Okay.

So any kind of marketing, basically social media marketing, you do, uh, you do by yourself for any

kind of a brand.

Or if you do have a page or you are providing any kind of service, or you are actually promoting yourself

or doing some ad for some other platform as well, how you will be able to do that.

We will be talking about all the strategies over here.

And what are the differences between a page.

What are the different kind of profiles are available in Instagram?

We will be understanding about this particular thing in depth okay.

So now uh, first we will be understanding the Instagram's audience okay.

So before actually promoting your service or before doing any kind of marketing, we need to understand

that what are the audience that we are targeting.

Okay.

It can be based on their age group.

Let's say I'm targeting from the age group of 15 to 20 or 20 to 25, just for an example.

Okay.

You need to understand that what category of audience are you trying to reach?

Okay.

So if I just give you guys a small example, let's say I want to promote women's cosmetics, okay.

But if I give that particular ad to the male profiles, I won't get much reach, right?

If they see that as well, it is not of their use, so they won't be my customer.

But if the same thing, I give it to the person who belongs to the age group of 20 to 30.

So they are most of the time they're actually they do care a lot about how they look.

They look about they actually care about their cosmetics.

They're actually more into that particular stuff.

Okay.

so this is how we need to make sure that we understand the Instagram's audience.

So we'll discover the diverse and engaged audience on Instagram.

And with over 1 billion monthly active users, this particular platform offers a unique opportunity

to connect with a wide range of demographics and interests.

So over here we can see that Instagram.

They do have at least over a 1 billion monthly active users.

So to get your knowledge about that, Instagram is one of the largest social media platform in the whole

world.

Okay, so it actually offers a unique opportunity to all the businesses, to all the influencers to

connect with a wide range of demographics.

Okay, like if you want to actually target audience of a particular country or let's say, of a particular

region.

You guys can do that and also with different kind of interest.

Okay.

You will be getting a lot of people from a lot of diversity with a lot of different interest.

Okay.

So that you can actually target your particular audience, which will actually come to a lot of people

as well.

Okay.

As there are more than 1 billion monthly users.

So the next point over here is crafting compelling visual content.

Okay.

So we will leverage the power of visual storytelling to captivate your audience.

So we'll be learning how to create some eye catching and authentic content that resonates with your

followers and basically drives engagement among them.

And my brand.

Okay.

So over here, I will be telling you guys how you can actually create some engaging posts.

post.

May be it can be a banner, it can be a poster, it can be a video as well.

How you will be able to do that in the simplest way possible.

And it will be very catchy to the eyes of the audience.

Okay, so we will be learning about that, and also we will be creating some authentic content which

actually resonates with our followers.

The follower who all will see my post or my video, they will be able to resonate it and it will basically

drive an engagement with them, with my service or with my company.

Okay, so this is about crafting compelling visual content.

We will be learning about that.

And the next point is strategic hashtag utilization.

Okay.

So here they're basically telling about the keywords okay.

So if let's say you posted a video and you posted a video About a small boy playing football.

So basically in that particular case, you guys will be able to use a lot of hashtags.

Let's say if anyone go into Instagram and they search football videos.

So you need to make sure that you put those kind of keywords which will basically be visible.

Okay.

Once they once the people they search with those keywords, you need to make sure that there are a lot

of keywords which relates with your video.

And also you need to see what are the most searched keywords and where the competition is low.

Okay, so we need to make sure of that.

So we'll uncover the art of using strategic hashtags to expand your reach and attract new followers.

Okay, let's say if a new user, they see your video and if they like your video, then they might follow

you and they will be able to see your video on a regular basis after that, like once they follow you

back as well.

So over here we will learn how to research and also how to implement relevant hashtags to amplify the

visibility of your content.

Okay, so we'll be learning about that process as well.

And the next thing is engagement and community building okay.

So here in simple words, if I tell you that engagement basically means to engage with your clients

or with the people, those who follow you back.

Okay, so with those people and yourself and between the company or the service you provide, you need

to build a community among them, okay?

So foster a sense of community and basically drive engagement on Instagram.

Okay.

So if you treat that particular people as a community or as your family, then they will be more eager

to get your service and get to know more about your brand or what you are basically providing.

Okay, so this is quite an important option once you're trying to build up a brand or once you are trying

to drive an engagement on Instagram.

So we will explore the best practices for interacting with your audience.

Okay, we will learn how you can interact with your audience, how you can build relationships, and

also how you can create a loyal fan base for your brand.

Okay, so we need to make sure that we do interact with our audience.

Let's say if there are a lot of audience, let's say in the later stages, then it might not be possible

to give reply to each and everyone who ever asks you a question.

But at that time also you will be building your team, right?

Okay.

So you need to make sure that you keep a continuous interaction with your audience, that they can feel

secure as well.

And you need to make a friendly relation with them at the same time.

Okay.

And also let's say if you tell your fan base that each Friday I will be uploading a video or let's say

each Friday I will be uploading a post.

Okay.

So you need to make sure that you upload that particular post or you upload that particular video on

your page.

Okay.

You need to make sure that you are loyal with your fan base, and you are not disappointing them in

any way.

Okay.

So it is very important to have a very healthy relationship between the audience and the creator.

Okay, so the next point over here is harnessing the power of stories and reels.

Okay, so if you look into today's world, the people over here, we do like more short content.

Okay.

So our memory span is becoming less.

And now we do like the content which are small and which provides us with a lot of information at the

same time.

Okay.

So if you're trying to watch a YouTube video for an example, it might take you something around 10

to 12 minutes.

But at the same time, if you are actually watching a Facebook reel or a story, it's somewhat around

15 seconds and a reel is around 30s.

Okay, but over there we are getting new information just after each 30s okay.

So it is actually taking up right now.

So we will dive into the world of Instagram Stories and Reels okay.

We will discover how this dynamic features can be used to showcase your brand's personality.

Share behind the scenes content and also connect with your audience in a more authentic way.

Okay, so once you make Instagram Stories, once you make Instagram Reels, you guys can actually share

what is your brand's personality.

Okay, so you guys can actually prove your brand's personality.

You guys can also share the behind the scenes content.

Let's say you guys were actually taking a video of a promo, but over there, you guys can show that

what happens behind the scene of the shoot as well.

Okay, it will actually give a more good connection between you and your audience that you are just

genuine to them, and it actually helps you to connect more with your people in a more authentic way.

Okay, so over here, The next point is measuring success with analytics.

Okay, so whatever platform is not only Instagram, it might be Facebook, it might be YouTube.

Okay.

We need to make sure that we are measuring our success with our analytics.

Okay.

Like how many people in a month they're watching my video.

What is my watch time, how many followers I do have.

And also make sure that you compare these statistics on a regular basis.

And let's say you do uploaded a two videos at the same day.

Okay.

But in one video you got something around one K likes and in the other video you got something around

100 K likes.

So maybe you need to check that.

What is the problem with my post, which I did and it got only one k likes?

Okay, where I am lacking or what kind of audience are following me and what they are they're expecting

at this particular time.

So we will unlock the potential of Instagram Analytics to track your performance and optimize your marketing

efforts.

Okay, so once you're able to analyze the performance that your brand or your page is doing, according

to that, we can optimize or make a marketing plan in what sector that we should spend in, what category

of people we should spend, who are our most buyers?

We can actually get a proper idea and basically have a better data about those people, and we can just

stick with them for a lifetime to for them to be our customer.

Okay.

So we will also learn how to interpret key metrics and insights to refine your strategy and achieve

tangible results.

Okay, so how you will be able to understand key metrics, and also how to actually achieve a insight

to basically refine our strategy.

And over here.

Now the next option is collaborations and influencer marketing.

Let's say once your company or once your page in such a position where you guys can collaborate with

other users, you guys can collaborate with some influencers, okay, who do have a lot of followers,

let's say you are working with fashion brands, okay.

You are working with fashion brands so you guys can take some models.

Okay.

You guys can just collaborate with those models who are influencers.

And also you can basically collaborate with other, uh, similar content creators in that same category.

Okay.

So we will explore the impact of collaborations and influencer marketing on Instagram.

Let's say you do have something around 200 K subscribers, and the people you are collaborating with

is also having something around 250 subscribers.

So in that case, what happens is new people, those who are following the other guy's channel will

also get to see your video.

And also if they see that your presentation of your video or the content or the service you are providing

is a lot better, then they will start following you at the same time.

Maybe in the near future they will also try your product or try your service as well.

Okay.

And also uh, like influencer marketing is basically like you guys can for a fashion company, you guys

can hire, uh, different models.

You guys can hire actors once you reach a certain stage.

And let's say if you're selling or if you're providing some sports gear, uh, But services.

In that case, you guys can actually hire athletes to be your influencer for marketing.

Okay, so this is about collaborations and influencer marketing will explore the impact of collaborations

and influencer marketing on Instagram and learn how to identify the right influencers.

Okay, we need to make sure that they go out with the category and the brand, which I have, and also

how to negotiate a partnership with them.

Okay, so how you will be dealing with partnership, how you will do the partnership, how you will

negotiate the revenue, you will get a better idea about that.

And also how to execute a successful campaign to expand your brand's reach.

Okay.

Once you guys both know that, okay, you guys are happy to collaborate, how you will execute those

things quite successfully and how it will expand your brand reach We will be learning about that.

And lastly, I like to tell you that unleashing the power or potential of Instagram marketing.

Now you do have equipped with the creative strategies and insights to elevate your brand's presence

on Instagram.

So basically, it's time to unleash the full potential of this dynamic platform and achieve remarkable

marketing success.

So yeah, I hope you guys have got a better idea about how Instagram marketing works, how you can actually

use this particular social media platform to boost your business from a small scale to a larger scale

with time.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Where are we going to learn different things about Instagram marketing?

So see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.
