Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 16, where I'll be showing you guys about content stacking in Instagram.

So we will know that what content stacking is and how it will be helpful for you to get better engagement

and better reach on your post.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So first of all, we need to know that what is content stacking okay, so over here underneath I do

have the definition of content stacking which is this is just basically doubling your initial reach

to your followers on a new post.

Okay.

So these are some of the basic words let's say if ten people want to see your post today then if you

do content stacking or use this particular method you.

Your post will be able to view by 20% of your whole followers.

Okay, so let me just explain to you guys in detail about this particular thing right over here with

an example.

So let's say you do have a total number of followers as 30,000.

Okay.

So if you post that or let's say if you post anything into your account, if you do have a total number

of followers of 30 K, the initial reach is going to be 10 to 15%.

Okay.

Let's say 10 to 15% of your whole followers will be able to see the post into their newsfeed.

Okay.

So what do you mean by that?

Is that the initial total reach is going to be 3000 to 4.5 thousand, something like that.

And this is going to be the initial reach.

So what I'm planning to do over here is let's say I want to actually increase the initial range for

the first time from 10 to 20% to 30%.

Okay.

So initial range, I want it to view by 6000 to 8000 people instead of 3 to 4000 people.

Okay.

So it is actually helping me to reach more people.

Okay.

And to get more engagement and how I'll be doing that.

That particular process is known as content stacking okay.

So we will be learning about that over here into this particular class in detail.

But I hope you guys have gotten basic idea that initially, when you are starting to post in Instagram

how you will be able to do content stacking, what is the usage of that?

We will be learning about that thing right over here.

Okay, so now over here, as you guys can see, the regular posts like photos and videos are uploaded

in feed, have the least exposure or engagement.

Okay, so in our previous classes, in one particular chapter, I have told you that what kind of post?

They do have the highest rate of engagement.

They do.

And also I have told that which kind of posts they do have the least number of engagement.

So here you guys can see the post or any picture which you actually put in your photos or like you post,

post it in the newsfeed.

You have the lowest rate of engagement and then you have the lowest rate of exposure.

Comparing to other medium of sharing content, let's say a story, let's say going live and stuff.

Okay.

So here the next point also it says that the Instagram stories okay, they do have a better exposure

comparing to regular posts.

So over here you guys can see that at particular Instagram story.

They basically do have a better exposure comparing to our regular post.

And also the highest engagement level is for live content.

Okay, so you guys can actually go live on Instagram.

Okay.

Let's say you are posting something.

Okay.

What do you guys can do is you guys can tell that, okay, I am actually posting something.

I am posting up a trailer or a teaser, or let's say I am just posting a particular, uh, picture.

And from there you guys can just talk around 2 minutes or 3 minutes about that particular post, and

you guys can actually see that there will be a better engagement rate.

Okay?

Because over here for live, the engagement rate is high.

Okay.

And once you tell about your particular post and once you post you guys, people will be eager to check

that.

What did you post in your newsfeed?

Okay.

So they will check.

And there will be a lot of engagement on your post as well.

Okay.

And the next point over here is combining stories and posts.

You can get better engagement on your content.

Okay.

So this particular point, we will see in detail that how you will be able to do that.

And also I have told you about this particular point is if you want more engagement on your post, then

you can go live and talk a bit about your new post to increase the curiosity between followers about

your post, which cts in the post as well?

Okay.

Like here, you guys can actually put out the call to action button as well.

Okay.

Like if you do want to redirect them through your post to a different page or to a different web page,

you guys can also do that from here.

Okay.

You guys need to understand what you are planning to do with them.

Do you want more engagement or do you want to actually increase the traffic through the call to action

button?

Okay.

So we will see that how you can actually combine stories and how you can actually combine posts over

here in Instagram.

So over here, as you guys can see now I'm here in the home page of Instagram.

Okay.

So from here now there is no particular thing like how you will be able to basically post a story or

a reel from the desktop version.

Okay.

But I do have a way I can tell you guys, and you guys can also use it right over here of how you will

be able to use the way you use it in your phone.

Okay.

You will be able to get the phone interface right over here in your desktop as well.

Okay.

So stories and reels can be uploaded basically from a phone okay.

But if you don't have one, if you don't have a phone, if you do only have a PC, then in that particular

case what you guys can do is you guys can just come to your home page and from your home page, make

sure to right click.

And once you have right click, there are a lot of options.

Make sure to go last into the inspect page, and once you click on the inspect page on the right right

hand side, you guys can see that you have all of these codes.

But for me, I will just click on this toggle device toolbar over here okay.

And once I click on Toggle Device toolbar here, you guys can see that I do have a option of dimensions

okay.

So I will just click on this particular arrow.

And from here now I can check that.

What device do I want to check on.

Okay.

So let's go with iPhone 14 Pro Max okay.

So if I come here if I just take iPhone 14 Pro Max.

Otherwise let's come here.

Let's take XR or let's go with iPhone 12 Pro okay.

You guys can see that I do have the iPhone 12 Pro and over here you guys can see this is basically my

phone interface as well.

Okay, so here you guys can see that you are able to get this particular interface.

And let's say if I do want to share this particular post right over here.

So I will just click on to the share option right over here okay.

Otherwise let's go back from this particular option.

If you want to upload a story you guys can just click over here and you guys can actually upload a story

as well okay.

So let's cancel from here.

And now if you just uh, refresh let's come here and let's go with the refresh option okay.

So I'll just wait for here.

So I don't want to add Instagram to my home screen.

So I'll just cancel this thing.

And from here you guys can see on top I do have this plus button.

Okay So from this plus button I can do is I can come here and I don't want to upload a story.

So I will just click on story right over here which will redirect me to page.

Let's come here to my downloads.

And from here I will just take this particular image.

And what I can do is I can come here and I can just open one image okay.

So over here let's give allow.

And here as you guys can see that I do have this particular post.

So here how I'm going to increase the engagement on my particular post right over here.

Let's say I want to post it in my post only.

And also I have put this particular thing over here in my story.

But now to increase the curiosity or to blend both of this, I can come here, I can just go to sticker

and from here, basically I can search for a new post and things like that.

Okay, so over here, if you do want to actually use this particular thing.

You guys can come here and you guys can basically put out new stickers.

Okay.

And you guys can just put out that particular sticker just on top of the face.

You guys can do the same thing for real as well.

Okay.

So here it's just taking a bit of time for me okay.

To load the particular sticker right over here.

And also if you do want to just save it, you guys can come here and you guys can basically save it

right over here as well.

Otherwise if you do want to type anything, let's say I will just type a new post over here.

And what you guys can do is you guys can just select this one.

Let's say click on done.

And if you do want to increase the size, you guys can just increase the size from here as well.

Okay.

So I'll just click on done And over here you guys can just put this one somewhere over here.

Let's say if it's a video, they will see that.

Okay, it's a new post.

So I can just hide this particular face, maybe with some sticker.

Okay.

I can basically download some sticker.

And if you want me to show that how it will actually look.

Okay, I do have an example as well.

So let come let me come to my downloads.

And over here you guys can see that this particular image over here, this is how it will basically

look okay.

So as here they do have a particular new deal okay.

But here they don't have the whole reel right over here.

If you have the whole thing, if you have the whole image in your story, what will happen is people

won't go into your account and they won't check out your post because they have already seen it in your

story.

So if it's an image, you guys can just put on some sticker to the whole page or to the whole image.

Just just put that new post and you can just put out the whole sticker right over here.

Okay.

And if it's a real you guys can just put new post and basically hide the timing and show that you do

have posted something new.

Okay.

And the one who is your follower, they might go into your account and they can basically engage in

both the places.

First of all, they are viewing your story.

And second of all, once they're viewing your story, what they're doing at the same time is once they

will just click on to your story, which will redirect you into your account to that particular post

as well.

Okay.

So this is how it's quite helpful.

So now let me just close this down.

I will just discard this one right over here.

And also if you want to add something let's click over here.

And you guys can see that you guys will be able to add it on your story as well.

So let me just close this down.

If I just go down right here let me just click on to this option.

Then here you guys can see if you do want to copy the link of anything.

You guys can come here and you guys can basically copy the link as well.

Okay.

So let's come here.

Let's close this one down.

And if you do want to check out more reels let's come here.

Let's click on to this reels option okay.

And here you guys can use this particular icon right over here.

So from here you guys can just share okay.

If you do want to copy the link.

And later on of copying the link if you do, uh, if you do want to come here and if you do want to

post it in your story, you guys can also do that.

Otherwise you guys can directly go on to their post as well.

Okay.

So now again let's go to my home page right over here.

And yeah, I hope you guys have got up and basic idea about how you will be able to post from your desktop,

like how you will be able to post story from your desktop itself.

So yeah, I hope this class was clear and I hope to see all in the next class.

But before that, let's come here and let's change its dimension to the way it was before.

Okay.

So from here, what I do is I will just close this thing down first and again on the dimensions.

What I'm going to do is instead of iPhone 12 Pro, I will again go with the responsive dimension.

Okay.

So I do have my responsive dimension.

And over here now I will just cancel this one.

And now let's come here and let's close my inspector panel as well.

So again as you guys can see I am back here okay.

If you do want to refresh your page, your Instagram page, you guys can come here and you guys can

just refresh your Instagram page which will again give you this particular options right over here.

So yeah, I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then take care and goodbye everyone.
