Hello everyone and welcome you all to our Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number two, where I'll be showing you guys about different types of Instagram

account.

Okay, so I'll be giving you guys an understanding of what are the different kinds of Instagram account

available over into that social media platform, and who all basically uses what kind of account.

So if you are using it for your personal use, which kind of account should you use?

Or what are the benefits of using a business account or a creator account?

We will be learning about all that over here in detail.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So basically in Instagram we actually do have two main kind of account.

Okay.

So the first one is a personal account and the second one is a professional account.

So let's take a look about the personal account over here as well.

So for personal account if you are an individual like you are creating a personal account because you

want to actually connect with your family or friends, like you just want to have a your personal time,

or you want to just share your personal, uh, issues, or you want to just have a conversation with

your family or friends, or you want to search for new friends in that particular online, uh, platform.

Okay.

In that particular case, personal account is the best one to create.

Like, you are not looking, uh, to grow any kind of business or you are not planning to expand.

You don't need any kind of analytics and stuff.

Okay.

In that particular case, we do mostly create a personal account at first.

Okay.

So for me also, I don't have any business account or a professional account, but my personal account

is only what I used to do is I just try to make it a professional account just to show you guys.

Okay.

And the second point for a personal account is that you are not looking to grow their account reach.

Okay, so if you don't have any business or if you are not an influencer or you are not a creator,

in that case you don't look to grow your account.

Okay, so you are not planning that.

Okay.

I do want my profile to be visible to a lot of the audience or to a particular group of people, okay.

But in that particular account, maybe you are looking for friends.

Okay.

The people you know in this particular, uh, social media platform.

Otherwise, you connect with friends, with friends where you can actually share your ideas, or you

guys can just talk about anything.

You guys can share your views, show your lifestyle that what you guys are doing, uh, actually communicate.

Okay.

That is the use of a personal account.

So mostly personal account is basically being used to keep communication or stay in touch with your

family and friends.

So in that type of particular account you don't look to grow those type of account.

Right.

And the next point over here is for a personal account.

You don't put any contact details.

Okay.

Let's say you don't want to put up your contact details to a random people.

But let's say if you have a business in that case, if you do provide a service, let's say you provide

a laundry service.

In that case, if people want to reach you or reach your business there, you give your contact details.

Let's say you do give your email ID or you do give your phone or telephone number.

In that case, they can reach you and get your service.

Okay, so this is how you guys actually bring people into your business.

And also in personal account, you guys will not be able to see any kind of analytics.

Okay.

So if you don't understand what is analytics, let's say I do have created a professional or a business

account in Instagram.

So there I want to monitor that.

Okay.

In last seven days how many people did visit my profile.

Like how many posts I have actually posted, like how many videos I have posted, how many stories have

I posted, and what was the reach among people.

And I will see that.

Let's say I do have posted one video in two weeks.

Okay.

And after that again after two weeks.

I do have posted another video.

So in the first two weeks or the first video, I do got around 20 K likes.

Okay, but in the second post I got around three k likes, so I need to see that.

Okay, uh, by looking at that analytics, I need to understand that what was the problem with my second

post?

As I was not able to reach to much people, or I was not able to get much likes.

So analytics are quite important.

So this was just a small example of how analytics are important over here.

So mainly personal account is for an individual who actually don't want to grow their account, who

don't want to provide their contact details because he don't want other people to connect with him.

And also here you want to actually connect with your family and friends with a personal account.

Okay, so it is all of an individual person.

So the next point we will move into the professional account right over here.

Okay.

And over here in professional account or page there are two different types.

Okay.

So the first one is a business account and the second one is a creator account okay.

So business account is let's say you do provide a service or you do have a business and you want to

bring people into your particular business.

Let's say you do provide a laundry service okay.

So that is a business as well.

Or you do a resale cars, okay.

That is a business as well.

So you can actually create a profile regarding your business.

You can tell that your business is open from this hour to that hour, or if you want people to go into

your website directly, if you do have a website, you guys can just provide the link of your business.

You can give your contact details as well, but the next one which is the creator account there, you

guys can actually have a lot of followers.

Let's say you are working on a particular thing.

Let's say you are a fashion designer or you are a digital marketer.

So in that case you don't want to put your contact details.

Okay, so a creator account is a creator is mostly a famous person, okay.

In most of the cases.

So people would like to reach out to them.

But instead of providing the contact details in that case, what you guys can do is you guys can provide

some different methods of interacting with your audience.

Okay.

So there are different ways, like through stories or through polls and all like you do ask them question

like regarding what you want to see our next video.

So it totally depends up to the niche that a creator is selecting to interact with the crowd or the

audience of them.

Okay, so this was about a professional account or a page.

Okay.

It contains two types.

One is business account and another one is our creator account.

Okay.

And over here now in business account we will see what are the things that are available in a business

account.

Okay.

So the first thing is call to action buttons are available.

Okay.

So when we move deeper into our classes we will also understand what is a call to action buttons.

Let's say in simple words you do have a business right?

And there you want the people who visit your profile.

Let's say you're providing a laundry service okay.

And in that case, you do want people to directly go onto your website to get the particular service.

So what you guys can do is you guys can just put up a link just underneath your Instagram bio that if

you do want to get our service, click onto that particular link, okay.

Or any kind of link which you think that I want my people or I want my viewer to go to this particular

website to get my service.

Or let's say you need to keep clear in mind that whoever is visiting your Instagram profile or your

Instagram page, what are you expecting from them?

Okay, do you want them to get a service or do you want them to redirect into something else?

Okay, so totally depends up to the business that you're looking for.

Maybe you guys can redirect them into your YouTube account or let's say into your website, into your

Facebook page.

You guys can just put up that link of your Facebook page or of your YouTube account, and they will

be redirected to that particular page or that particular channel just by one click, which is present

in your business profile.

Okay.

So this is about the call to action buttons, which are available in a business account, which we will

see once we move into our, uh, deeper into our classes.

And also the next point is you will get analytics and insights.

Okay.

So in a business account you will be able to see or you will be able to track that.

What are the people that are visiting your website?

What is the age group of people that are coming into your profile and that are viewing your profile

or account?

Okay.

And also you will get an insight that if you post something, how many people are you able to reach

in a month?

Like let's say in February month around 50 K people visited my profile.

Okay, but in the month of March.

If you see that, okay, instead of 50 people now, only 20 people have visited your page in the month

of March.

So you need to understand that somewhere you are doing some mistake.

Let's say you are posting one post or one video every day.

Okay, so now if you see that your people are decreasing to come into your account, what do you guys

can do is you guys can actually increase the volume or increase increase the quality of your video or

the things which you are posting.

Okay.

So you will get analytics which will give you a better insight about your business over here.

Okay.

And for business account you will be able to use it for advertising.

Let's say you can actually get the AdSense later.

You will be able to run advertisement in your channel okay.

And you will be able to get paid regarding that.

Okay, but in a personal account, you won't be able to put advertisement or you won't be able to get

monetized through advertisement in a personal account.

Okay.

So also in a business account, to use any kind of scheduling tools, let's say if you do want to schedule

anything, let's say you want to post a video at 2 a.m..

You want to post a song at 3 a.m., you want to post a story at 5 a.m. you can just schedule those things.

And there are tools you guys can tell, okay, I want to post this thing and let's say you will post

that one or you will save that particular video.

And automatically what will happen is if you set up a time, let's say at 5:00, it at exactly 5:00,

your PC will basically or your account will basically upload that video into your social media.

Okay, so in the business account, all this kind of scheduling tools will basically be available.

So this was all about a business account that what all things will be available if you do have a business

account.

Okay.

And let me tell you one important thing.

Let's say you have a business account and having a business account, you want to turn that professional

account into a personal account.

Okay.

So once you turn your business account into a personal account, all the analytics and all the insights

which you had of that particular profile will not be available, or you won't be able to see those things

later on.

Okay.

So all those things will be erased and you will be having a lot of hard time regarding collecting the

analytics and the insights.

Okay.

So this was about the business account.

And now let's look how it will be if you do have a creator account.

So first we need to understand that what creator account is for or what kind of people that you use

are creator account.

So these are basically for content creators and influencer.

Maybe they can be an actor, okay.

They can be a sports person.

They can be a influencer.

Depends on different kind of niche okay.

So there can be a tech influencer like who do review text and stuff, okay.

They can be a athlete who actually is a professional sportsman.

Let him be a footballer or a basketball player okay?

So they can be a influencer in any sense.

And also they can be people who creates content, okay?

They can make roast videos, uh, in, uh, YouTube or they can Actually be of a famous fashion designer.

Okay, so anyone who is a content creator or an influencer, they can have a creator account.

Okay, so once you have a creator account, let's say you do make videos in YouTube and you want to

open up your Instagram account as well.

So if you create a creator's account, in that case you will get access to Facebook Creator Studio as

well.

Okay, so you will get the access to Facebook Creator Studio.

So there are different things which you guys can use in the Facebook Creator Studio.

You will be able to schedule your things.

You will be able to put up to your bio.

There are a lot of things which you guys can work on Facebook as well, okay?

And Instagram actually wants to separate the businesses and the creators.

Okay.

So that's why under Professional Account Now they basically have the business account, which is only

for businesses.

And also they do have the creator account, which is only for the creators.

Okay.

So for businesses, those who provide any kind of service and stuff and creator account is basically

for the people, those who want to create something or those who are a content creator and an influencer

on the social media platforms.

Okay, so I hope you guys have got a basic idea about this different kind of Instagram profiles in this

particular chapter.

So now we will move on to Instagram, and we will see how you will be able to turn up a professional

account and or how you will be able to check those things out, how to change your account and stuff,

what are the options that are available and how to go and where to go to change your account into a

professional one.

So over here on my screen, as you guys can see now I'm here in my Google Chrome search engine.

And from here, if I just type Instagram and if I search it over here into my search bar here, the

first option is this Instagram page.

Okay.

Or this particular website.

If you do have an Instagram application in your PC or in your phone, you guys can use it in your phone

or in your PC as well.

Okay, so let's click on Instagram right over here to their website which will redirect me into my page.

Okay, so here, as you guys can see now this is the home page of my Instagram account.

And from here now you guys can just click on to this three line where it's written more.

And from here if you just click On settings.

Basically it will redirect you into the into this particular page.

Okay.

So from here, if you do want to put out any kind of website okay, you guys can come here.

You guys can just put up a website.

If you want to write any bio, you guys can come here and write a bio from here as this one is a personal

account.

Okay.

You guys can come here and you guys can just change up the profile picture and stuff over here as well.

And for professionals, if you do want to create a business profile, let's click on to this professional

account option.

And over here you guys can see that here.

You guys can just check that okay.

What is going to be the category of my service or my business account okay.

So I do have provided an education website.

And also if you do want to display the category level, you guys can just stick this mark out, which

will actually display the category level.

You guys can basically provide the email address of your business.

You guys can provide the WhatsApp number for your business as well.

And here once you connect those accounts, okay, if you just connect those, WhatsApp will have this

business features and it will basically drive sales from conversations.

So if you just give your WhatsApp number over here, you guys can actually set some automated messages

as well in WhatsApp.

And also it will basically show your WhatsApp number from where other buyers or service taker will basically

give you a message.

And from there you guys can just respond to them and you guys can drive your cell or your service,

which you are trying to provide.

And also you guys can provide your phone number, okay, you guys can provide your phone number.

And also you guys can select that how you want your customer to reach to you.

Okay.

You guys can just select that.

Do you want them to reach to you with text or do you want to do you want them to reach you with a call.

Okay.

So these are few of the features of the professional account if you do want to create.

And once you have filled all of these options, you do have provided your business email, you do have

provided your WhatsApp number.

And also you do have selected the category, you have provided the phone number.

And after that you guys can submit this one.

And once you submit this one, your account will basically get updated.

Okay, so this one was for professional account.

And if you want to take out this business tools and controls.

So here you guys can just click over here.

And if you do want to switch to a creator an account between the personal and the professional account.

You guys can just click here on switch and which will basically switch your professional account into

a creator account.

Okay, so now here again you guys will be able to see that.

Now this has actually switched from a professional account or from a business account to a creator's

account.

Okay.

So over here you guys will be able to see the creators tools and controls.

And if you do want to switch it back again to a business account, you guys can come here and you guys

can basically switch this one to a business account as well.

Okay.

And here you guys will be able to see that here.

You do have all these options okay.

Like how people will be able to interact with you.

Like if you do want to check the tags and mentions.

You guys can come here and you guys can actually check the tags and mentions.

Like who all will be able to mention you like if you want.

If you do have a business and if you want to drive any hashtag, let's say your company name.

Hashtag, you guys can come here and you guys can check that everyone will be able to mention you in

their story, or there are sometimes many negative thing if you don't want them to tag.

Okay.

In that case you guys can just put those settings right over here okay.

And after that there are a lot of option okay.

If you do want to check out your account status, if you do want to see the restricted accounts, if

you have blocked any, you guys can check all of those things out.

And over here into the meta account center.

You guys will be able to see a lot more about your account.

So if you just click right over here, you will be able to check up to your profile.

You will if you do want to show any ads here, you guys just click on AD Preferences and over here you

guys can check that.

What are the ads that you want to show into account?

And if you do want to check out their details as well here you guys will be able to check out the details

over here as well.

So let me just close this one, and I hope this one was clear about different type of Instagram profiles.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter where we are going to learn more about Instagram and marketing

in Instagram as well.

So we will start slow.

We will be understanding from the very basic to the advanced level of usage and marketing in Instagram.

So see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.
