Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 12, and now I'll show you guys how to show your post in the explore

menu.

Okay, like there are a few things which we need to know okay.

Like how you will be able to post or your post will basically appear on the explore menu in our Instagram.

And if you don't know where the explore menu is, I'll be showing you guys that as well.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So the topic over here is how your post will appear in the explore menu.

And before starting that, the first thing which you need to keep in mind is actually there is no step

by step process or any rules for that, like how your particular post will basically appear on the explore

menu.

Okay, so there is no step by step process Like if you do this particular step, then go to there and

then go to that.

There is nothing as such.

Okay, as I have already told you, that Instagram basically works on algorithm.

Okay.

And what Instagram does is and if you do want to naturally boost your particular page or your particular

account, it actually sees that.

What is the level of engagement in your particular page and how it actually defines that?

How what is the rate of engagement and what is the high quality post?

Okay, it do see that.

How many likes did you get?

How many shares did you get?

How many people are commenting okay, depends on how many of them are actually clicking on to the call

to action button from your page or in your post as well.

Okay.

So this is the first option which we need to keep in mind.

Sometimes you might be you might know that okay.

There are a lot of people okay.

There are a lot of people getting a lot of views.

They're getting a lot of reviews as well.

Okay.

And on the explore menu, it basically depends that in that particular niche.

Okay.

How many of them are actually getting more views.

Okay.

So it also depends on the level of engagement on your post.

And it should be recent.

Okay.

Let's say you did.

Have you actually have posted something one year before.

Okay.

And that time it did got a lot of engagement.

Like there were so many likes, there were so many posts and there were so many comments, so many shares

on that particular post.

But now if you go to your explore option, okay, you will see that it won't be there in the suggestion

in the explore menu.

Okay.

Because it is very previous.

So sometimes you guys will see that a particular post is being posted twice or more times in a particular

year.

Okay, if they want to get it on the explore menu, if the engagement during that particular time when

he posted is more.

Basically it will show you on your explore menu.

And it also depends on the type of user, okay, who all it might show if you're following them or not.

Okay.

If anyone is following your page or if you're just running your ads and stuff, okay.

You guys can also do that, okay?

And also you need to understand that in Explore Feed okay or in the explore menu, all the posts which

you will see, those are basically not recent.

Okay.

It's not that it have to be the recent posts itself.

As I have already told you.

Let's say someone have posted a video maybe around one year back.

Okay, but again, he do have posted it or reposted it to get a lot of engagement towards that particular

post.

That can also happen.

And there are also different kind of factors.

Depends on the person who is using okay.

What are his niches okay.

in what all he is interested in.

Okay, so we need to just keep that particular thing in mind as well.

And lastly, the point which we have over here is basically reshare your existing posts and check their

insights.

Okay.

Let's say you already do have a post, so you are just resharing that particular post.

And also, once you have reshared that particular post again into your account, you can check their

insights like how many people do have viewed that particular post?

What is the level of engagement there?

Okay, how many people have liked your image or how many people have liked your post?

How many people have responded, okay, you guys can check all of those insights in Instagram, and

then maybe you will be able to see your post as well in the explore menu.

Okay, so there are a lot of factors.

So now let's go to Instagram and let's see uh in practical where is the explore menu And we will also

try to study few other posts from the explore menu on my account.

So over here on my screen, as you can see that I do have a lot of posts over here.

Okay.

And basically let's say from this particular post on the left hand side here, you guys can also see

that I do have a lot of options.

Okay.

There is the search bar here.

I do have the explore menu in which I am talking about okay.

So let's try to understand in last class we do have understand about the algorithm okay.

What all algorithm it keeps in our mind.

Let's say if I'm scrolling down okay.

If I just come here into this particular post and if I just stop, uh, Instagram basically takes a

note of this particular thing as well.

Okay.

And here you guys can see this is basically the like button.

If I just double tap over here it is just sending a like to this particular post okay.

If you do want to comment here you do have the comment section right over here.

And you guys can just come here and basically comment if you do want to share this particular post.

Uh, through a lot of medium, you guys can basically share it with your other friends as well.

Okay.

You guys can basically do that.

And also if you just click on the save button, it will basically save this particular post for me if

I do check it later.

Okay.

So this particular post is being saved as well.

And also there are other options.

If I just click on to this three dot button over here, you guys can see that if I do want to copy this

link, and if I want to send it to my friend who is not in Instagram, who is in messenger, I can just

copy this particular link and I can send them this link as well.

If you want to know more about this particular account, you guys can know that.

And if you want to share to some different medium, you guys can go there and you guys can find it from

different medium Okay.

So there are a lot of options over here.

You guys can just choose any of those.

So now let's cancel it right over here.

And from here.

Now let's click on to the explore option.

And over here now we will see that all is basically just right over here in the next menu.

Okay.

Then from here basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to come here and let's take this particular

post okay.

So I'll just take out this particular post.

And here you guys can see, uh, what is the level of engagement over here on to this particular post

right here.

You if you do want to check his account, you guys can just click over here and you guys can basically

check this particular guys account right over here as well.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see uh, he basically do have uh, 81.8 followers.

If you do want to check more information over here about that particular post, you Students can also

do that right over here.

Okay.

So let's come to this particular post over here.

You guys can see the total number of comment over here was 143.

Okay.

So here you guys can see the total number of comment here.

You guys can see the level of engagement.

But here the post was done at least a month back okay.

So it was done a month back over here.

But still this is here in the export field okay.

So the same way if you just click here you guys can see this particular post actually have 4619 comments

okay.

And if you just want to click right over here, you guys can see that it is right over here as well.

And you guys can see this was posted six days back okay.

So you guys can check.

Uh, it was posted basically six days back right over here.

And if you want to check only the engagement of this particular post.

Just click over here into the account and you guys can just go right over here and you guys can basically

search okay.

Of for that particular post which you have just seen.

So now let's go back right over here.

It totally depends on the level of engagement you have okay.

So the type of people you do follow okay.

So it totally depends on that right over here that what will appear on your explore feed okay.

So yeah I hope you guys do have understood this particular class on how to actually get your post on

the explore menu.

Make sure to get a lot of engagement.

Make sure to post on a regular basis so it will.

Your post will basically appear on other people's explore feed.

Okay, so from there you might gain a few followers.

And you guys, you guys can basically redirect them to any way you want.

Okay.

So take care everyone Hope to see you all in the next chapter.
