Anything you post on six basically goes viral or it basically is the best time because you will get

more reviews, you will get more comments or more likes.

So if someone tells you that particular thing, that is totally wrong.

Okay, so today here in this chapter, we will be looking at few of the things which you should consider

as a content creator, as the main person behind that particular profile, what you need to check and

how you you will be able to find that.

What is the best time for you to post your content for your particular niche, or particularly only

for your account?

Okay, so the first thing first, that we need to keep up a clear thing in our mind that every individual

account have a particular niche and it is not the same.

Okay.

Let's say if someone is posting up about food, maybe at the same time you are posting about something

else.

Otherwise, if both of you are posting about food.

Your content is different.

His content is different.

He did put something else in his bio.

You did put something else in your bio.

So we need to understand that we are all by ourselves into this particular platform, that they do have

a lot of account.

So here you have to know that every account is being operated in a different time zone.

Let's say if now I am in Asia.

So today over here it's 8 p.m. okay.

But now if you just look into some Western countries, maybe the time is, uh, it's early morning over

there, okay.

Or it's around afternoon in the US.

So you guys can just relate those things.

And let's say you are in a Asian country, okay?

You are in Asia, and from here you are making some kind of content and the most consumer of your content

are from some European country, let's say.

And from there.

Now, if you just post the same timing of where you stay, okay, not following where most of your viewers

are from, then basically you won't be able to get benefited with the type of post if you keep on posting

at 6 p.m. every day.

That is totally wrong, because we need to understand that people basically operate in a different time

zone and each and in every individual business, they do have a different kind of audience.

Okay, you guys can basically check all these things out, like from where most of your followers are

from, you guys can check that from Instagram.

Inside, you guys can just check from where most of your videos are being actually seen.

Okay, so you guys can actually keep up that particular data and also check up what kind of audiences

do you have?

Like what is their age category.

And also you guys can see what are the different category of people.

They are visiting your account.

Okay, so that is the first point.

And the second point over here is there is nothing such as perfect timing for posting.

Okay, you guys can post any time.

It might not get any view and you can just put some time that it will give you some particular study

effect.

So there is no perfect timing.

And if you tell about perfect timing it totally depends on account to account.

Okay, as I already told you that each and every individual account, they basically vary and we need

to understand that it should be personalized.

Okay.

So what do I mean by personalized right over here.

So each and every individual account over here should basically have their personal setting, like how

they want to personalize that.

Okay.

What kind of keywords they do have used.

What is the bio.

What is the main aim of the page.

Okay.

What they do want to sell you or what kind of brand they are promoting or their content creator or not?

Okay.

What they're trying to market over here.

We need to have a clear cut, uh, idea about that.

Okay.

And the third point is, scheduling the post is very important.

Okay.

So we do have already learned about scheduling that, how important it is once we are trying to post

in Instagram.

Okay.

We need to make a calendar.

Okay.

Where I can just schedule all my things up.

And basically I can just post accordingly.

And the fourth point from here is basically identify from which region your followers are and when they

are mostly online.

Okay, as I was telling that if you guys both are in different time zone, let's say most of your videos

are being viewed from a country which is in Europe.

Okay, so there you guys can check.

Okay.

There are different countries in Europe, so you need to personalize that, okay.

From which particular region that people are mostly watching my videos.

So let's say you saw that from Portugal.

Most of the people are viewing your videos.

So what you can do is if it's somewhat around 6:00 and let's say you did a survey and from inside you

did see that most of them basically are online at 7 p.m..

So what you can do is instead of six, you guys can just go to 7 p.m. and basically post that thing

around, okay?

And if you are in some different time zone, what you can do is you guys can check their timing and

whatever the time over here in your countries, let it be 2 or 3:00.

You need to make sure that you're posting your video for them at that particular timing, because once

they open their account, if they're expecting your video, it will be viewed on their primary time.

Okay.

It doesn't depend on your primary like when you want to upload, but it totally depends up to them.

Like what time they are most comfortable with, uh, getting your videos.

Okay, so this was about identifying from which region or which part or which country or what kind of

language they speak.

Okay, you guys can just drag those things out from the inside option.

You guys can view that.

How many people have liked it?

How many people do have commented and stuff as well?

Okay, so now the fifth point over here is using Instagram Insights and also using the Creator studio

to identify.

Okay, so if you do have the insights over here from Facebook, you will be able to get out the Creator

Studio as well.

Okay.

So you will be able to check out how many people are viewing your account in 30 days.

If you do want to get it down to seven days, how many people have visited in your account?

How many people have clicked onto your click to action button?

You will be able to see all of those information right in the insights and the Creator Studio option.

Okay, so Creator Studio is only available in the professional account.

It won't be available in the personal account.

Okay, so only for the creator account and also for the business account.

So now the next point is that once you identify that okay, once you identify that what is the problem.

Like when you need to post and what timing you.

Most of your followers are online and once you have identified that particular thing, you need to make

sure that you create your schedule.

Okay, so once you identify that, you need to make sure that you just create your schedule, like when

you post your content, let's say whether it be a Instagram story, whether it be a reel or whether

it be a video.

So you need to make sure that you make a schedule and basically put them accordingly.

And the next thing is that you might not be correct each and every time, okay.

So keep on posting.

Let's say you saw in insights that most of them are online at around 7:00, but you posted at seven,

but you didn't get a lot of response.

So I'm telling that you may not be right each and every time, okay?

And there is no such way.

Instead of trying to check what is the best.

So maybe tomorrow what you did is instead of posting it at 730, you did it at 630.

Okay.

And the next day you did at 730.

So you guys can just check different timings.

And let's say you saw that.

Okay.

When I'm just putting it on 730, I am getting more views, I'm getting more comments and also more

interaction in my post.

So after that, if you just keep on doing that for a week.

And so and if you see that okay, the response is better at that particular timing.

So you need to understand that for me this particular post is basically good for this particular timing.

So you need to make sure for the type of things you're posting.

Let's say you are getting more views on your stories at 6:00 okay.

So make sure to post that on 6:00 and at 6:00 at the same time, if you're posting real, you are not

getting that much view.

Okay?

So what you can do is you can just change his timing and find its It's suitable timing and apply that

later accordingly.

So yeah, I hope you guys have got a basic idea that how you can find the best timing for you to upload

your content in Instagram.

Now let's move on to Instagram and let me show you guys how you will be able to see the insights of

your particular profile.

So over here, as you guys can see now, I am here in my profile and from here, if you do want to check

the insight here, you guys can see that I do have that option.

Let's click over here.

And basically you guys can see that what was my reach for the last 30 days.

And in the past seven days I can check for how much I do have for 14 days over here.

And also what was my reach in the last 90 days.

Okay, so I can just provide or I can just get information accordingly if I do want to check my engagement

rate here, you guys can see the total reach was this.

And also the engagement was of 82 accounts were engaged.

From who?

Those 72 were followers and ten were not.

And also through what kind of post through was it through the post?

Was it through stories?

How many times did I went live?

Was it any kind of reels or videos?

I can check all those out.

And here you guys can see the total profile activity.

Okay, so here you guys can see the total activity right over here.

And also if you do want to check the number of followers over here, you guys can check the total number

of followers.

And also you guys can see how what were the most active times of most of my followers?

Okay, so over here you guys can see at this particular place which is around 9 a.m., most of my followers

are active.

Okay, from mine here you guys can see 146 over here and also at 6 a.m. there are 150 of them.

And over here again, you guys can see consistently at this particular time, most of my followers are

actually active, which is from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m..

Okay.

So you guys can see this particular time is quite busy most of the time.

So what I can do is I can basically plan something.

Let's say if I do want to post something, I can actually post between this particular timing right

over here.

Okay, so I can check when are most of my followers are being online.

Okay, I can just post my things at that particular time.

So now let's go back to Facebook and let's come here and let me show you guys about the Creator Studio.

So once you have this Facebook page.

What do you guys can do is you guys can just go to their professional dashboard.

And from professional dashboard you guys can click on your page and you guys can check out what is your

post reach.

And if you don't see any reach, you guys can just go to this home page of your insights.

Otherwise let's go back okay.

So once I have come back right over here, you guys can just click on to the inside option.

Here.

You guys will be able to see all this information right over here.

And let's click on to this option right here again.

And here.

If you just check your page over here you guys will be able to see that.

How many people have reached to your post?

What was the engagement as this particular page is created recently?

I don't have much thing in it.

I just have created to show you guys over here.

Okay.

And also, you guys will be able to see all of these options will be visible once you're active.

Right over here.

You guys can check the progress of your page.

You guys will be able to check each and every content.

Okay.

If you if you do want to see the inside of each and individual content, you guys will be able to see

that, uh, thing right over here as well.

And if you do want to check out your audience from which particular place your people are, like at

what particular time most of them are online, you guys can post right over here accordingly.

So just make sure to read your insights and work according to your insights itself.

Okay, so yeah, I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.


