Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 14, where I'll be showing you guys by including CTAs, which is

the call to action in your post caption.

Okay, so in a particular post, we do have learned that how you will be able to, uh, what is the

main rule of how to create up a perfect caption?

Now we will be talking individually about the CTA itself.

Okay, like what all your CTA should include?

What are the different type of CTAs available?

Okay, depends on the type of thing that you're looking for.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So over here, as you can see now I'm here in the home page of Instagram okay.

So if you just come here and you guys can see there are a lot of posts, okay So let's say if I come

here and if I just click here you guys can see that they do have this particular caption right over

here.

So there are two ways of a post that they can ask for call to action.

Okay, so about which we will learn.

But let me show you guys some of the things over here.

Okay.

So if you guys take a look on to this particular post right over here.

And if I just click on more here, you guys can see that they do have a description.

But over here they are not providing any link or they are not redirecting you to somewhere in your post.

But what they're doing is they're asking you a question.

That which nation do you think will triumph in the final?

Okay, so this is the question being asked.

So what is the purpose of this particular question?

Let's say now people will see.

And now from here you will feel like giving a comment as you are being asked a particular question.

So you don't want to give out your answer.

So if I just click on view comments over here on the left hand side, you guys can see that different

people.

They do have their different kind of opinions on this particular topic.

Okay, so there he is not asking or he's not trying to actually put you in somewhere else.

Okay.

They're not trying to basically move you to their website to buy something, okay.

Or anything as such.

But what they're trying to do over here is they're trying to gain more of your engagement because this

particular page or all the pages, they basically know that more the engagement, more the algorithm

of Instagram will boost that particular post.

Okay.

So this one is one.

And after that, if I just come here on to this particular option or this particular page right over

here, you guys can see that how he have used nicely all of these, uh, emojis.

Okay.

Here you guys can see the call to action option.

And over here you guys can see how this basic templates looks like.

So if I just click on one of this post here.

Also, you guys can see that they're actually telling that they do have a four month online program.

But here they're telling that comment.

Awesome to register now for this webinar.

So what happens is here you guys can see they're actually telling you to engage over here that if you

just comment into their particular post, what they'll do is they will just register.

Or if you just comment they will register this register you for this particular webinar.

Okay.

So all the people who are interested, they are basically engaging on what's happening with this particular

website is that they are actually boosting up their particular page.

So actually they are asking for engagement over here.

Okay.

So over here, if you just come here, you guys can see it is a lot of description right over here.

Okay.

If you just click on this one, they're also trying to get your engagement on this particular post as

well.

Okay, so here you guys can see that they're telling you to comment DS and start your journey today.

Okay.

So if you want to do this digital marketing over here, you guys can basically do that.

And if you just click on this one here, you guys can also see that over here.

They do have told that.

If you do want to watch the Full Post podcast on Instagram Growth, then you have to actually type out

this particular comment.

Then they will be able to give you the link where you can basically view the whole video.

Okay, so this is how it actually works.

There are different ways of how you basically ask the call to action.

Okay.

And also if I just come here into this video editor account and if I just come right over here, you

guys can see that they also do have use different kind of emojis right over here.

And you need to understand that what they are actually trying to do over here.

Okay.

What their actual actual motive is what their call to action is.

So many posts, they don't have a call to action button.

Okay, maybe they don't need in that particular sense, or their service is not related to that call

to action option.

Okay.

So now from here, if I just go into other account, let's say if I do want to visit this particular

account, uh, let's come right over here and also over here.

If I just click on in post here, you guys can see that how they do have used this particular, uh,

call to action button.

So over here they're telling that they do have this ad flow studio hash us.

Okay.

So if I do click on to this one.

Basically this is the website in which I am.

So they want me to follow this particular page as well.

So this is their call to action.

They're telling me to follow.

And over here they're telling that find the corresponding code in the VCF flow code.

Highlight.

Use the Flow Studio app to scan the code.

So these are a few of the call to action things which they're telling me to do.

So the next one, if I just come over here, let's say if I just go to this particular post here also,

you guys can see this is their all time call to action, okay.

Some of them, they do keep the same call to action.

They want you to, uh, increase the follower.

Okay.

Depends on how many followers you do have.

What is your motive at this particular point?

Okay.

So this particular thing basically kind of works like that.

So there is one another edtech company.

If I just go over here and if I just come down, I'll also show you a few of the call to action buttons.

If I click over here, here you guys can see that they do have their call to action button, which is,

uh, to comment mobile to get an offer link in your DM.

Like if you do comment mobile in their particular video, they will be sending you the offer like they

will be offering you the link into your DM.

Okay, so this is how they do increase their number of followers.

They do increase the number of engagement in one of uh, in any of their post.

Okay.

So this is about that.

And now let me just show you guys the two types of CTAs available in a post.

So mostly there are two types okay.

So the first one is CTA for engagement okay.

And you guys can see the main goal of this particular CTA is to get a lot of likes, a lot of shares,

a lot of comments on your particular post or whether how many people are basically saving.

Okay.

You guys can also see some of them do include, uh, the CTA, like each uh, CTAs are different things.

Like there.

You guys can also put which are for engagement.

Uh, these are like Comment below.

You guys can just provide.

If you like the video, you guys can subscribe.

You guys can just go into our Facebook channel or you guys can just go into our YouTube channel, okay,

you guys can just do all of that, okay?

If you do want them to like your video, you guys can tell them, okay, that is your call to, uh,

call to action.

Okay.

If you do want if you do want other people to share your video to other, uh, Instagram account, in

that case, that is also a call to action for engagement, which will boost your account through the

Instagram algorithm.

Okay.

So we need to understand.

So I hope the first one is clear and the second one is CTA for traffic.

And here you will be basically redirected to their website or in their other social media accounts.

Okay, here comes the motive.

Like if you just go into their account okay, so now it's done.

But now what is the next step Okay.

What they do want to provide or what particular service that you want to take from them that you went

to their account.

Okay.

So in that case they will be providing some of the website.

Let's say there are different kind of businesses.

There are small businesses.

Okay.

Over there you guys will see that fresh things you will get different kind of artifacts, different

kind of dresses.

And over there into their Instagram post, you will also see in their caption that they do have mentioned.

If you want to order, please go into this particular website.

Okay.

So this particular things are also important as well if you want to get traffic into a particular website.

Okay.

You guys can just use the CTA if you want.

Uh, traffic in your other social media handle.

You guys can just put that particular link, which will redirected your Instagram follower into your

Facebook or into your other social media accounts as well.

Okay.

So yeah, I hope this particular class was clear.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.


