Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 11, where I'll be showing you guys about the Instagram algorithm.

Okay, so I'll be giving you guys some knowledge that what all you should keep in mind once you're working

in Instagram.

Like how the algorithm basically works, what all you can expect and what all you should do with your

account.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So the first thing which we should understand one once we are working in Instagram, is that the algorithm

of Instagram basically changes over a period of time.

So we need to keep updated over time.

Let's say before five years, the way how the algorithm it used to work, like how it used to boost

your post, let's say you used to get a lot of engagement, a lot of reaction over your post.

Maybe after five years it won't be the same.

Okay, so you need to understand and you need to keep on changing yourself over a period of time.

Okay, so that might include the way you post your thing.

Okay.

Let's say today or in today's time.

Basically the Instagram reel is a lot in trend.

Maybe it won't be the same after 10 to 5 years.

Okay, maybe something new will come.

Or let's say there will be some changes on that.

Okay, the level of editing you have to also increase.

Let's say you have to go always with the trend okay.

You also need to follow the trend on whatever you are posting on your Instagram post.

Okay.

So the algorithm will basically change over a period of time.

So we also need to be kept updated over time.

Okay.

So the next point over here is that it's not necessary that the content you post will basically appear

in your followers feed.

Okay, so what do we mean?

Or what do we understand by this particular statement?

Let's say you do have opened up an Instagram account.

Okay.

So you do have opened up a professional Instagram account.

And in that particular account you may have around five K or ten K followers.

Okay.

But let's say you are posting something.

You're posting a brochure.

Let's say you do have a restaurant and you just posted a brochure.

So it is not like that, that if you do have ten K followers, that particular post which you did,

will basically appear on all of their newsfeed once they scroll.

Okay.

It would appear to that ten K people that you are posting that particular stuff.

Okay.

They won't see that particular thing.

So that is that's not how it basically works.

It will help you eventually in the near future.

Like it is good to have a lot of followers.

So you might think that, okay, if it's not showing each and every one how it will help me in the near

future if I if I do have a lot of, uh, people.

Okay.

But if you move forward, you guys will basically understand.

Okay.

So just understand this simple thing that what Instagram likes, okay.

Instagram basically likes that.

If you do have a lot of engagement in your post, okay.

If your post is of high quality, if you do have a lot of comment, if you do have a lot of engagement,

if you do have a lot of share.

So in that particular case, what happens is Instagram will basically show your post to other people

as well because algorithm basically judges that, okay, this particular thing, they do have a 20 like

they do have a lot of shares.

They do have a lot of engagement.

So it might be a high quality post So once they show your particular page or your particular account

to other accounts over there.

They will just put up a like or they'll come to your account and again they will be following you.

Okay.

Eventually what happens is the targeted audience for you.

It increases in size.

Okay.

Let's say you do love to watch food vlogs okay.

And you are watching one food vlogger.

But let's say you were just scrolling down and so many people, if they see your post and if they just

put any kind of engagement, eventually what happens is next time when you post, it will show more

people than the first one.

So you guys can see in the point number three that approx.

On an average, you will reach around 10 to 20% of the followers who follow you.

Okay, so it tells that let's say if you do have around ten K followers in Instagram in your particular

account, it will show your particular post which you have posted to 10 to 20% of the people who follow

you.

Okay.

Let's say ten.

Okay.

So maybe around one K to two K will be able to see that into their newsfeed.

Okay.

And after that, once you are doing the next post okay.

Once you're just posting for the next time that particular time, what happens is it will again boost

or it will again show to 2010 to 20%.

And each and every time people start following you or you do increase your follower, you do increase

your engagement in your post.

The number basically increases.

Okay.

So that is how you guys can basically boost your Instagram account.

And that is the basic algorithm.

Okay.

So Instagram itself boosts your posts which are of high quality.

Okay.

So as I was telling, uh about this thing, which is there in point number four, that if your content

is good, if they do have a lot of engagement.

Instagram itself boost your post that more people will be able to see this particular post.

Okay, so in what are the criteria that we basically decide that this is a high quality post and this

is a low quality post.

Okay.

So we will see that.

What are the qualities of a high quality post?

According to Instagram, that Instagram itself will boost your post and it will show to maximum number

of people possible.

Okay, so over here you guys can see that here we do have the Instagram criteria to decide whether it's

a high quality post or not.

Okay, as I was already telling you guys that they do check the engagement on your post, okay.

And under engagement, we do have all of these options right over here.

Okay.

So the first one is likes or reactions.

Okay, so if you just go on Instagram and if you look on to the like option, if you just hold on to

the like option there, you will get a lot of reaction button.

And from there, basically anyone who views your profile, they can basically put out a reaction to

your video.

Also, if you do want to, uh, do it in a post, let's say it's a normal photo or a brochure you uploaded

or a flyer you uploaded, they can actually give their reaction through likes or through love, through

haha, or through the wow reaction as well.

Okay, so there is this reaction option and in case of a story or in case of a particular reel, they

will be able to like your reel.

Okay.

And the next option over here is shares.

Okay.

If you do have a particular post on the left hand side of a particular post they do have the share button.

Okay.

So through that they can basically share your particular post.

Let's say you posted something and they did like that particular post.

So they can show or share it with their friends or with other people in a group.

Okay.

Through email, there are different options of how you will be able to share a Instagram post through

a link.

Okay.

So they basically do check that how many likes you do have got in your post.

How many peoples they have actually shared your post.

They also look at that to judge you as a high quality post.

And the next thing is they will check that.

How many comments or what how many type of interaction you do have with the people.

So I have already told you that if you do have small number of followers, make sure to have a good

conversation with them.

Okay.

And also sometimes do uh, do some conversation with your follower in the comment section as well.

Okay.

You need to make it quite Interactive.

Okay.

And Instagram also notices that how many people they do come into your comment section.

They do comment on your post.

Okay.

And based on that as well, they do check if it's a high quality post or not.

And the fourth option over here is saves.

Okay.

So saves is another option.

Let's say if you're just scrolling through Instagram and you like some video, but you don't have the

time to watch that particular video right now.

Okay.

Otherwise, that is some important topic which you want to check on later.

In that case, what we do is we just click on the save button and that particular post will basically

be saved.

Okay.

Let's say I do find a very funny meme.

Okay.

In that case, what I'll do is I will just save that one up.

Let's say I will just try to post it later when I do have time.

Okay, so that's how the Instagram actually works.

And it also collects the information that whoever have saved this particular file or how many of them

have basically saved that one.

And the point number five over here is clicks on the post.

Let's say I do have uploaded a post.

Okay.

And now they will also be able to track that.

How many people do have clicked on that particular post.

Let's say they want to check the full description, or they want to actually give a like if the double

tap it will just give a like automatically.

Okay.

So over there that is that particular option right over here as well.

And the last option over here is Instagram will also know that stopping on this post while scrolling.

Let's say you are on your phone as most of the time Instagram is used on the phone compared to PC or

laptop.

Okay.

So while you're scrolling on your phone and suddenly you see a particular post and you just stopped

to that particular page, So Instagram will know that once you are scrolling, you just stopped at that

particular point.

So according to that as well, Instagram decides that whether your post is a high quality post or not.

So it actually contains a lot of criteria that you should have proper number of likes, you should have

a lot of shares, you should have a lot of comments.

How many people do have saved your post?

How many people do have clicked on the post?

And also they will record that how many people they have stopped while scrolling on your post as well?

Okay, so this is how they do judge that.

What was the level of engagement on your post in total?

Okay, so these are the simple criteria.

And this is basically the Instagram algorithm.

This is how it actually works.

So I hope this class was clear.

And I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then take care and goodbye everyone.
