Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 15, where I'll be showing you guys about mentions in Instagram.

Okay, so I'll be showing you guys the difference between tagging and mentions in Instagram, and also

how you will be able to mention what are the things we need to keep in mind while mentioning other account

over here.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So the first point over here, it says that mentioning and tagging are basically two different things.

Okay.

So some of you might think that okay tagging and mentioning both are basically the same thing okay.

So there are few of the things which are different.

And why do we use that.

Uh the purposes are different as well.

Over here I'll be showing you guys in practical once I explain you guys all of these points right over

here first.

Okay.

So mentioning and tagging are basically two different things.

Whereas mentioning like anyone can mention anyone in anyone's post.

Okay.

So what do we mean by that.

Okay.

So over here let's say one of my friend, he did post something okay.

Or other business account.

They did post something.

And what I want to do is I want to put out or I want to mention someone else in that particular post,

not the one who have posted.

So I can just write at the rate and I can just type out their name.

Okay, but tagging can only be done by the original creator of the content.

So over here we will also see that how you will be able to post something, and also what is the process

of tagging someone and how to do that.

Okay, but whereas I have already told you that anyone can mention Anyone in any post.

Okay, so over here that is another option.

And also you need to keep in mind that whoever you are mentioning and also the one you are mentioning,

they are more likely to engage for better reach.

Okay, let's say you are working with one of your friend and you did actually, uh, mentioned that

one of your friend over here into your particular caption.

So in that case, what they need to do is they need to come to your, uh, account, they need to come

to that particular post, and they need to make sure that they're commenting something.

Okay.

That will basically increase the engagement on your post, and it will be frequently visible to other

users as well.

Okay.

So I hope these four points were quite clear for you all.

Now let's move on to Instagram and let's see how you will be able to tag and how you will be able to

mention.

And also we will look into some of the post which have a lot of engagement.

We will see that how they do have actually mentioned.

We will look into some influencers account, maybe some of the business accounts as well, because businesses

they do, they do influence the marketing.

Okay.

They will call some of the athletes, let's say a sports company brand.

They will call athletes to promote their shoes, they will be actors, they might promote fashion products.

Okay.

So these are a few of the examples.

So now let's move on to Instagram and let's see that in detail.

So over here on my screen as you guys can see that I am here in the home page okay.

So from my home page now if you just click on any of the post okay.

Let's say if I come here and if I do want to check out this post or let's try to check out some posts

which do have some mentions.

Let's come here.

Let's click on to this particular account.

And let's open this particular account right over here.

And now if you want to see that who all they do have actually mentioned here, you guys can see that

they have mentioned hash uh, at Adidas Originals and at Adidas India.

Okay.

So here you guys can see that they do have mentioned both of these particular account right over here.

So they need to make sure as they are actually promoting this Adidas cap over here the mentions are

quite relevant okay.

And also they need to make sure that the one those who have uh, the one they have mentioned, they

do reply to their post as well.

Okay.

So here you guys can see that there are some sales going on.

And here you guys can see that they do have the call to action button right over here as well.

Like you can just visit their website Otherwise you guys can visit their stores as well as to as they

already do have a sale going on.

Okay, so, uh, these are few of the things right over here.

Okay.

You do have seen that.

How this mansion works.

Okay, now let's go to my home page.

And from here, let's try to see that how you will be able to take.

Okay.

So from here, if I just click on create, let's go to post.

And from here now I want to select a post from my computer.

So let's just take this for an example.

Let's just open it up right over here.

And from here I want to just get the original size okay.

So let's come here.

And if I just click right over here once.

So let's go back.

Let's click on next.

And let's click on next over here as well as you guys can see now I will be able to share this particular

post on my Instagram feed.

Okay.

But the thing if you want, let's say if you want to actually tag someone, you guys can just click

over here from your mouse.

And let's say if I just type, let's say Puma and here you guys can see, I can basically, uh, tag

them over here.

Okay.

And this particular thing can't be done without, uh, the permission of the owner or the one who is

actually handling that particular account.

Okay, so if you do want to check yours, okay.

If you do want to check who all have actually tagged you into their post, let's show you guys an example

using this particular account.

Once I have come into this particular account here, you guys can see the option of posts.

Here you will be able to see all the rights which you have posted and after that the last option comes

the tag option.

Okay, so over here you guys can see that there are different kind of post where people do have mentioned

you or they have actually used The tagging option.

Okay, so if I come here and let's say I will just click on this here, you guys can see that this particular

guy have actually tagged superkicks in his post.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see all these posts are basically being tagged with their, uh, account.

Okay.

So over here this is called tagging.

So but in case let's say if I want to come here and let's go to my home page and let's say if I want

to post anything, okay.

Or if I want to mention someone into my post.

So in that case, what I need to do is I will just come to a random post.

It should.

It might not be my own post, or the one who I know and the one who I want to mention.

In that case, what I can do is I will just click on this comment box right over here, and I will just

come here on add to comment and I will start with add.

Okay.

so once I've typed at over here, now if I just type that converse, let's say if I just type converse

here, you guys can see I do have a lot of option or a lot of pages which do have this keyword of converse.

Okay, so they're showing me the most searched one according to my keyword.

So I can just check which one I want to mention right from here.

And once I've selected, if I just post this one, it will already show that I do have mentioned them

in their particular post.

Okay, so let me just delete this one or let me just cancel this one right over here.

I don't want to mention just to show you guys that right over here.

And the same thing goes over here as well.

Okay.

If you want to mention any account, you need to make sure that they do come to your post and they do

get engaged as well.

Okay So if I just come here, let's search for some of the athletes account.

So let's go with Declan Rice who is a left fielder.

So I've just come here and let me just type Declan Rice over here.

And now if I just go into his particular account, let's just click right over here into this particular

account.

Let's check out.

And as he already do have his account right over here.

If I just click, you guys can see that, uh, he don't have any mentions right over here.

If you do want to check out more, you guys can basically check out more of their post as well.

Okay.

Otherwise let me just go in this account, which is he is also a football player.

So if you just come here, if you just click, you guys can see that Adidas have basically tagged him

in his particular post.

And if you do want to check out more, you guys can come here and you guys can actually check out more

over here as well.

Okay.

So you guys can basically check.

And also in case of influencers, let's say I will just go here and I'll just search for uh, techno

gamers okay.

So if I just come here into the Techno Gamers page here, you guys can see if I just click here, you

guys will be able to see that men's ex official have mentioned at Techno Gamers in their post as well.

Okay, so this is how it actually helps.

If you do want to check out more, you guys can come here and you guys can just check out more as well.

Sometimes what they do is they do collaborate with other people okay.

So in that case, you guys will be able to see that they are actually collaborating with others over

here also.

Okay So if I just go into this particular post, if I just come down and over here.

If I just click onto this option here, you guys can see he do have a actually used different kind of

hashtags over here to actually enhance the reach of this particular post.

So yeah, I hope this class was clear.

So here you also guys can see that here at Papa Tui.

And if I just click on this Papa Tui it will basically redirect me into their page.

Okay.

So this also helps over here if you do want to see that what this is all about, it will redirect me

into their Instagram page over here as well.

So yeah, I hope this class was clear.

And you guys do have understood the difference between tagging and mentioning and how you will be the

most beneficial if you use mentioning and tagging in a particular way.

I have explained to you guys about that as well.

So see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.


