Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number five where we'll be learning about profile picture optimization.

Okay, so we'll be learning once you have created a profile okay.

Now how you will keep a profile picture okay.

What are the key points that you need to remember when you are trying to create a profile picture into

this Instagram platform?

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So the thing which you need to keep in mind once you are trying to create a profile picture in your

Instagram, is that this is the first visual representation of your profile.

Okay, let's say if you do have a service of a car, okay.

Like if you are a car dealer.

So in that case you need to make sure that the one Whoever sees your picture, they do understand that

what you are actually doing by just looking at the profile picture and also just getting a glance of

your username.

Okay, so this is the thing you need to keep in mind because in many senses, like if you are actually

commenting in someone's post, okay, if you are just collaborating with other Instagram users, in

that case, first visual representation of your profile is your profile picture.

Okay?

So you need to make sure that you give a very good first impression, okay, that if a new people,

if they come to look at your profile, they are actually attracted by your profile.

And then they do click on your username to go back to your profile just to see what you are providing.

Okay.

And if they like the way you have actually set up your account, they might get a customer off you for

a lifetime.

So.

Okay, so you should have a story.

You should actually know how to create a profile picture that you do have all the information inside

that.

Okay.

So there are different websites from where you guys can actually create some stunning profile pictures.

You guys can try something like Canva.

You guys can use some other graphic designing software like Photoshop.

There is illustrator, okay.

If you do want to create some logo and stuff for your company, you guys can also do that.

So you need to understand that in Instagram your profile picture should be circle optimized.

Okay, because the profile picture in Instagram basically appear in a circle okay.

So you need to make sure that the thing or the profile picture, whichever you are creating, let's

say if it's for a business, you do have your logo and also, uh, your slogan, or you just put up

in a background where it is actually circle optimized.

Okay.

And also if you are actually using your Instagram profile for a personal use, in that case, you need

to make sure that you do have your headshot or your face is quite visible in the center.

Okay, so if people tries to look okay, whose profile it is that they are able to see you quite clearly.

Okay.

And also the next option is it should contain your photo.

As I was already telling, in case of a personal account, it should contain your photo.

And if your influencer or a creator.

In that case you should upload your photo that people do understand.

Okay, it's his profile, at least in the growing stage.

Especially okay that your face basically becomes a brand.

Okay.

Once your face becomes the brand.

Okay.

You don't have to do this.

Or you don't have to always put your face on the profile picture.

Then you can actually put up your brand name later.

Okay.

And also in case if you do have a business or if you do have a service, in that case, try to put your

logo or the logo of your business as your profile picture.

Okay.

So this is the third point.

And the next point over here is the image which you were selecting for your profile picture.

It should be of high quality.

Okay.

Because as I have already told you, that people will basically see your profile in many devices.

Okay.

So you can use Instagram in a laptop, you can use in a desktop, you can use in a phone as well.

So especially once you are actually looking into phone.

And in today's world everyone do have a phone and Instagram is mostly used in phone itself.

Okay, so once someone is using Instagram and they want to get some service from your company, if your

profile picture quality is not that good and in phone screen is comparatively quite smaller than the

screen of a laptop.

So in that case, if the quality of your image is not that good and it is not easily visible, it won't

give a good first impression about your company.

So you just need to keep these things in mind and provide a high quality image with which is easily

visible and which is quite clear.

Okay, and for the next point we do have here is you need to simplify your logo.

Okay.

So next, once we go into our Instagram I'll show you a few of the well-renowned companies in today's

world who do have their logo.

So I'll show you that.

How simple.

They do like to keep their logo, and they do like to keep their profile so we can get some ideas from

them and we can implement it in our level of business as well.

Okay.

And also basically a brand which have a brand to theme concept to have different profile picture concept.

Okay, so let's say you do have a brand, and that particular brand actually have a sense that they

want to do brand to theme concept.

Okay.

Let's say uh, they do have a brand to theme thing.

Okay.

Like let's say if you are looking to go to sportswear okay.

So there are different companies, okay.

They want you to go into their Instagram profile, but from there they want you to go into their website

that you do go to that particular theme.

So the theme over here is sports.

So if it is kind of like that, in that case, the profile picture of that particular account will be

different.

Okay.

And make sure when you're creating a profile picture don't forget to test your profile picture.

So what.

What do I mean by testing your profile picture.

Let's say you guys can actually change your profile picture on a continuous basis, but it won't be

recommendable in the later stages.

Once your account is quite long, you do have an established brand in that case, but once you're starting

or once you have created a company and now you are slowly coming into your social media accounts.

In that case, what do you guys can do is you guys can make at least 3 to 5 profile pictures, and you

can just put the first profile picture, let it keep for one month.

And after that you guys can check all these five pictures all together.

And after that, from the analytics and the insights option, you guys can see that.

What is the rate of growth into your account in which profile picture you are actually getting?

More likes, more comments, and also how you are able to get to more customers so you guys can actually

test that thing out as well.

So now we will see that what is going to be the size of the profile picture in Instagram.

So the optimal size for your profile picture in Instagram is 500 into 500 pixels.

So for the height it will be 500 pixels.

And for the width also it will be 500 pixels and it will be a square box.

But inside that here on my screen, if you guys can see Inside my square.

I do have a circle.

So you guys can actually create a circle quite like this.

There are different websites I have told you guys about Canva.

You guys can use that and create some stunning design of for your profile picture as well.

Okay, so this circle is exactly the size of 500 into 500 pixels.

You guys can actually put your logo in the middle right over here.

So now let's move on to Instagram and let's see what are the things that we need to follow once we are

creating.

And we will see some of the examples of some of the biggest companies, those who have some of the nicest

logo, those who have some of the nicest profile pictures, some of the influencers.

We'll be learning about that.

So over here on my screen, as you guys can see again in home page of Instagram.

And if I come on top here, you guys can see on the stories, the profile picture which you guys are

able to see is basically the profile picture.

Okay, so on top there are many of my friends, those who have their profile picture and also on the

sides on the suggested names.

You guys can see that the thing which is visible is basically their profile picture.

And here this is circle optimized.

Okay.

So the thing as I was telling is about circle optimization.

And if you do want to create up a new profile, you guys can just go up your profile and you can just

click from here.

And from here you can just click on Upload Photo and it will redirect you into your page.

So I'll just cancel this one.

Let's go to my home page right from here.

And also let me just show you guys few examples of few of the renowned companies.

So let me first start with few of the brands.

So let's come here and let's search for Google.

And if I click on enter here, you guys can see that Google have this simple design right over here

okay.

So this is the profile picture of Google.

As you guys can see here it is basically centralized okay.

This particular logo is actually centralized right over here.

And also if you come here into your explore option okay.

And once you come here into the extra option, you guys if you just go to any of the profile from here,

okay, let's come here.

And if you just go to uh, any of this particular profile, let's go to their file right over here.

Okay.

So if you come here and if I go to his profile from this explore option here, you guys can see that

as this one is a personal account.

He does have his picture, which is circle optimized and his picture is over here in the center.

Okay.

So we need to understand that as profile picture is basically the first option or the first visual interaction

with your follower or with the people.

Okay.

In that case you need to make sure that you do keep a good impression.

So now let's come here and let's click any of the post okay.

So if you just click any of his post here, you guys can see that there are different, uh, comments

right over here.

Okay.

So you guys can check all their comments over here.

And here.

You guys can see the people, those who have commented as well.

You guys will be able to see only their profile picture and also their username.

Okay, so over here, if this profile pictures are not visible properly, in that case what happens

is you won't be won't you won't feel like clicking onto their profile and checking their profile out.

Okay.

So now let's come here.

Let's show you guys about few of the renowned companies.

Okay.

Let me just search for converse.

Okay.

So let's type converse over here.

And now you guys can also see that how their profile picture looks.

So it is very clear.

So just with only one glance you guys are able to understand okay this is the logo of converse.

Okay.

So if you just right click over here you guys can see that they do have their profile picture over here.

And now if I also search for converse.

Let's see what are the other options available.

So here this is converse.

This is Converse India.

And if you search here you guys can see this is Converse Indonesia okay.

So most of these things are actually looking up the same here.

You do have the converse South Africa.

Here you do have converse uh Algeria.

So all the basic things of converse actually do have the same profile picture.

But the user name they do have different.

Okay.

So as I've already told you, that if you do have a company and they do have branches in so many places,

let's say you do have a edtech company and you do have branches in so many places or in so many countries.

In that case, how you will be able to differentiate between that, uh, or differentiate between different

Instagram handles.

This is how you do so by optimizing them with the place at last.

Okay.

First, give the brand name.

Then you can just provide them with the location.

Okay.

And also totally depends up to the niche you are choosing and working.

Okay.

So now also I have told you that you guys can have different kind of profile picture if your plan is

brand to theme.

Okay.

So if your plan is from brand to theme conversion.

Okay.

So let's say if I come here and if I just type car or let's go with car washing.

Okay.

So if I just type car washing right over here, you guys can see that I do have different pages right

over here.

And also if I just take up a look onto their profile picture, I can basically, uh, check this one

out.

Okay.

They do have some car in their profile picture.

So automatically what I think is okay, they might be providing this particular service.

Okay.

And also once you see the combination of a profile picture and also the combination of the username

that you have used here, you guys can see I will just click on this first one which redirect me into

their page.

And from here I can basically follow.

Okay.

So there are they do provide you with different kind of car washing logos.

You guys can if you do have a car washing service, you guys can come here and take inspiration of logos

from here as well.

Okay.

So this is about profile picture how to choose your profile picture.

So yeah I hope to see you all in the next chapter where we're going to learn more about Instagram marketing.

So see you all in the next chapter.

Till then take care and goodbye everyone
