Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number four and now we will be learning selecting your profile name.

Okay, so I'll be telling you guys about the few of the criterias from the previous class you guys have

already known.

What is your profile name?

Okay.

Like how you will be able to use up a profile name where it is basically present.

And over here I will be giving you guys few of the criterias regarding which you guys can choose your

profile name, which will be better for your account for more visibility.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So the thing which you should keep in your mind once you are typing a profile name, is that the profile

name which you will have for your profile.

It won't be unique.

Okay.

Let's say there will be 1000 people.

They can have the same username as yours.

But in our last class, we have learned about username that each and every individual will have a unique

username.

Okay.

So username is also like visible when one you are trying to comment in someone's post or if you're interacting

with someone okay.

If someone messages you, you will be able to see their username, okay.

Not your profile name.

So once you move into someone's profile, you guys will be able to see their profile name.

Okay, so you guys can actually work on with the profile name as well.

Let's say you guys can just put out your description okay.

If you are a graphic designer, you guys can just put your name and also in your username or in your

profile name, you guys can actually put out that graphic designer name as well, and you need to make

sure in your mind that with your user name, you guys can have multiple people in the same, uh, Instagram

platform.

Okay, so this is the first point.

And the second point, which I want you guys to remember, is that you will be able to search it.

Okay.

Like, if you do want to search, uh, with your profile name, you guys will be able to search uh,

or someone's profile using their profile name.

And it will be better if it is SEO optimized.

Okay.

So SEO optimize is search engine optimization okay.

If anyone search you how they will be able to view your profiles okay.

We need to make sure that we do use those kind of keywords which are, uh, actually related to my field

of work or which are related regarding my business.

Okay.

So if anyone searches anything with that particular niche, or with that particular intent that my particular

account will come in their search list over there.

So it also depends what are the keywords that I'm using?

Okay.

And after that the name can be based on about yourself.

Okay.

Let's say if you're a graphic designer you guys can just provide, uh, your name and you guys can just

use some user like you guys can also, uh, search for some profile name.

Okay.

Like, what kind of profile name you want to put?

You can just put that, uh, your name and you can put graphic designer.

And if you do have a brand, you guys can just put up a brand.

And also if you do have a logo for your brand or a slogan for your brand, you guys can put a bit of

that as well.

Okay.

And also it can be based on any specific specific theme or a category.

Okay.

So there are many creators, those who create in different niches.

If anyone searches about that particular theme.

Okay, you guys can just put out, uh, just that particular theme as your profile name as well.

Okay.

So also it can be based on a purpose.

Okay.

If you are providing car washing service, you guys can just put in your profile name as car washing

service as well.

Otherwise anything related to that.

So these are few of the points which I want you guys to remember once you are trying to make out a profile

name.

So now let's move on to Instagram and let's check out all the points which I have just explained to

you in practical.

So over here on my screen, as you guys can see now, this is basically the home page of my Instagram

profile.

Okay, so over here you guys can see, uh, let's search for this or let's open their account up right

over here.

and you guys can see their username over here is Prime Video Sport.

Okay.

They don't have any spaces in between them.

But here you guys can see the profile name is Amazon Prime Video Sport.

Okay.

So this one are like the username is also known as the Instagram handle.

Okay.

But in profile name you guys can see that they do have these four words.

And also in between they do have the spaces as well.

Okay.

So over here if I just go into my search engine and from here if I want to search based on a particular

theme, okay, let's say I will just type sports.

Okay.

So if I just type sports and if I see that here, you guys can see that I do have a lot of options right

over here, which shows me different kind of accounts.

Okay.

So over here let's click on this sports center here.

You guys can see now their username or their profile name.

Over here is Sports Center okay.

So my search was sports.

That's why they were showing me this particular profile as well okay.

So let me be more specific right over here.

If I come to my search engine and over here if I type graphic designer okay.

So if I just type graphic designer over here, you guys can see that they will show me different pages.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see I do have, uh, this particular account right over here and also this

particular accounts right over here.

So if I keep on going down here, you guys can see that I will have a lot of, uh, this profile right

over here.

So the one they are basically showing me is not is basically their username.

Okay.

So this one on top is basically viewed as their username.

But if I just click on them in their profile, you guys can see that her username is Kristie Dot brand

and graphic designer.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see uh, the description as well.

It says that she is a graphic designer here.

I do have their handle, but I didn't search for this particular username.

I just searched for graphic designer.

But here, as she do have this graphic designer option right over here.

And also she do have a lot of followers and she do have a lot of posts and also her profile is quite

well maintained.

She do have the call of action button right over here.

They do have a well organized description as well.

Okay, so for that she is actually marked as on top of the of this particular keyword.

So SEO is quite important what you're putting in your username.

Okay.

So now again if you just come here on search let's say I want to search about a particular niche.

Let's go with love quotes.

Okay.

So if I just search for love quotes here, you guys can see that I do have different pages right over

here.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see I do have a lot of pages at the same time.

Also after pages I do have this particular hashtag okay.

So I can see that the keyword which I have searched, who all have used this same keyword into their

hashtags.

Okay.

So if I just click over here, I will be able to see, uh, different kind of posts basically From different

profile profiles which have used this particular keyword into their post for tagging or to mention someone.

Okay, so again, if I just go to search option and from here let's go with knowledge.

Quotes.

And once I've searched this one here, this is basically meant by the theme based username.

Okay so over here you guys can see that.

Now I do have different kind of pages available right over here.

And once I click on this post here you guys can see this particular username is best motivational page

ideas.

But here if you just take a look the profile name of this particular user is knowledge and motivational

quotes.

So my search was knowledge codes.

So that's why I do have this particular page in my search list as well.

Okay.

So over here you guys can basically check and also optimize your account accordingly.

So if we if you just try to see the renowned companies in the world okay let's search for Apple okay.

So over here if I just type Apple you guys can see now I am able to see their username.

And underneath their username I am able to see their profile name as well.

So their profile name is Apple over here as well okay if you guys can take a look.

So basically over here if you just come down you guys can also see that they do have their post.

Okay.

And now let's go to my home page back again.

And now from here if you do want to check and create different user on the base of service as well.

Okay, so let's say in Instagram, basically I'm searching for a company.

Those who are provide laundry services.

Okay, so if I just come here and if I just type laundry services.

Here, you guys will be able to see that.

Now I will have a lot of options where they do have they do provide laundry services.

So over here, if I just go on to this option which is unofficial.

All right.

So if I just click over here, you guys can see they do have 18 post.

And here they do provide the their user name is basically Golden Laundry Services.

So from here if I just go back let me just search over here.

Let me type car washing or let's search it on the base of services.

Okay.

Car modification.

And once I've typed car modification here, you guys can see that I do have a different user names right

over here.

Okay.

So in the top one if I just click over here you guys can see that.

Now I do have this particular page which have this modification option.

Okay.

So if I just come down and if I want to search more profile to it, I can just search from there as

well.

Let's say I want to just need home delivery.

Okay.

So if I just search for home delivery you guys can see that over here.

I do have different pages.

Uh, regarding my services.

Okay So they do actually do home Services.

Okay, so here you guys can see 99 tasty food hot tubs, hash salmon.

So here you guys can actually check that they do have home delivery and this particular number as their

username.

Okay.

So if you do want to check them out you guys can come here and you guys can check those out.

And this is how you guys can actually get services.

And you guys will be able to list yourself also in that category of services.

So make sure to choose a correct profile name for your Instagram handle.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter where we gonna learn that.

How you can optimize your profile picture in Instagram.

So see you all in the next chapter till then, take care and goodbye everyone.
