Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number three where we will learn how to select your username.

Okay.

So we'll learn what are the things that we need to keep in our mind once we are trying to select a username

for our profile.

So we'll be looking into that in this particular chapter.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So before moving on to Instagram itself, I'll be showing you guys in their website as well what I am

talking about.

But I just want to give you guys a small idea about what the username is and what are few of the key

points that you need to remember.

So first thing first, you need to remember that username and profile name are not the same thing.

Okay, so username and profile name are not the same thing for some of you.

You guys might think that okay those things are the same thing right.

But it's not.

Okay.

And you guys will be understanding what are the differences?

I will be showing you that where the username is, where the profile name is.

I do have another chapter of selecting your profile name as well.

Okay.

Like how you will be able to select a profile name for your profile okay.

So this is the first point.

And the next point is when you are actually creating a username for your Instagram profile.

Okay.

In that case the limit of the characters which you can put your username is 30 okay.

So maximum 30 characters you guys can actually put into your username.

But for my recommendation you should use maximum of 15 characters.

Okay.

Because you don't want to put two big username, which is very hard to remember and also which is very

hard to read.

Okay.

If you are creating a brand and if you look into, uh, well-known brands in the world right now, you

guys will see that those type of brands, they don't have a long user name in any of their social media

handle.

I'll be showing you guys that detail as well.

Okay.

And also the next thing is, once you are selecting your username, make sure to avoid using symbols

like uh.

Underscore and full stop.

Okay.

You will see in different kind of social media they will be using underscore in their name or underscore

in their uh username.

Okay.

And also sometimes they'll use full stop in between their name as well.

Okay.

But make sure to not Use those.

And why not?

What?

I'm telling you not to use this.

Because let's say if someone is searching your business or if someone is searching your profile, sometimes

they might not notice that underscore or full stop which you have in your username.

So it might be a bit hard for them to search your profile.

Okay, let's say you are selling cosmetics and they are searching your profile.

But it's because of this underscore and because of the full stop, they are not able to get to your

profile because there are other profiles which are coming at first.

So you don't want to give your user that hard time of searching your profile.

It should be like if they're searching you and if they're searching by your name, it should be quite

simple that they can search and get in business or get in touch with you.

Okay, so these are few of the important points which you need to keep in mind while selecting your

username.

Okay.

And the next point over here is you can basically use category.

Okay, as I was telling that if you're using a cosmetics, you guys can use the particular category.

Let's say if you're actually selling this cosmetics, you guys can just give your user name like some

beauty or you can just relate something to that okay.

So you guys can use that particular category, let's say beauty with your name or beauty with something

else.

You guys can just create a user name of your own.

Okay.

And also for your user name, if it is a business, okay.

In that case, you guys can use your business name for the user name of your profile.

Okay.

If you are a influencer, you can use your name with your category.

And also if you're operating your business from a particular city or a particular place, you guys can

use the city name as well.

Let's say you do have a brand or you to have a business and they do have different Instagram account.

Let's say if you check Adidas or if you check Nike, they do have of different countries.

There is Nike USA, there is nike.uk, there is Nike Dot Australia.

Okay, so in that case in your username you guys can use the name of that city as well.

And also you can use the niche.

Let's say I was talking about fashion and beauty.

Okay.

You guys can use that niche for your business in the username as well.

Okay.

So you guys can use a category.

You guys can use the name of the business, a particular city and also a particular niche for your business

for your username as well.

Okay.

And also in Google if you search for Instagram username generator, you guys will see a lot of website

which will help you to generate different type of username for your profile.

Okay, but as my recommendation, don't directly take those username.

You guys can just take some ideas about your username, and you guys can take idea from 2 or 3 usernames

and maybe merge and make a stunning username by itself, maybe categorized 3 or 4.

And from there you guys can just select one.

Okay.

So that is the use of how you will be able to generate username.

I'll be showing you guys how you will go into your Instagram and how you will be able to use a use Instagram

username generator.

Like they'll be asking you that in what niche you are working on, what is the category or what is your

business name?

And regarding that they will be giving you suggestions.

What kind of name can you put for your username?

Okay.

And also if you are new to social media accounts, okay, so if you're new to Instagram or if you're

new to the social media accounts, make sure to create an account in multiple social media platforms.

So there are different social media platforms like Facebook.

We do have the LinkedIn.

We do have the X, which is which is previously known as the Twitter.

You guys can just open accounts in all those places as well.

And you can basically reach out to a larger group of audience.

So in that case, what you guys can do is if you want your viewers who are in Instagram, if you do

want them to go into your YouTube account, you guys can just make sure that, uh, they go to your

YouTube YouTube account.

You guys can just give your name, or you guys can give your channel name there, and they will just

be redirected into your YouTube account.

And maybe if they like what you're creating or what your content is all about, or what your business

is all about, they will just subscribe to your account as well.

Okay, so the more reach you can gather through all these social media platforms, the more business

basically you will have.

So now let's move on to Instagram and let's see the username and the profile picture or the profile

name.

Okay.

So I'll be showing you guys what a username is, how you will be able to change your username and how

to generate username from web.

So over here on my screen, as you guys can see that I'm here in home page of my profile.

Okay.

So from here now if you do want to check where the username and what is the difference between a username

and a profile name is, let's come here and let's try to search for different kinds of accounts.

Let's go to this CFC over here.

Okay.

So if I just click over here you guys can see that this is a fan based account or this is a professional

account.

Okay.

So on the top right over here you guys can see the one with a tick mark.

This is the user name.

Okay.

So this is basically known as the user name or the one which is right over here.

This one is basically known as the profile name.

Okay.

So here you need to understand that you are actually selecting what it is.

Okay.

As this is a football club page or Instagram page of a football club here you guys can see they do have

their name.

And also they do have their niche as well, which is FC means football club.

And the same way, if I do want to check our profile of any influencer or any creator.

Let's type Mr. Beast.

Okay, so if I just search for Mr. Beast right over here, you guys can see that forms the beast here.

This is the Mr. Beast username, and this one is the Mr. Beast profile name.

Okay, so over here you guys can see.

And also over here this is the call to action button right over here.

And which we will be learning later which is a call to action button.

And also this is how it actually works.

And if you just go to your home page and from here if you want to check for other websites, okay.

If you want to check different card profiles, let's say if I just go for some personal profile, let's

go to explore.

And from explore we will try to search for some personal account.

Okay.

So let's come here and let's try to see, uh, some of the personal accounts right over here.

So, uh, this is an actor, and if I just go to this content creator account over here, over here,

you guys are able to see that his username is on top, which is actor Dot Apurba.

Okay.

But his profile name is this guy Farooq Apurba right over here.

Okay.

So you guys can see what is the difference.

And here you guys can see, uh, that he is basically putting a dot in his name.

If you it's better that you always try to avoid this one okay.

So make sure to do that here.

You do have the call to action button right over here as well.

And if I just stop here if I just go back okay.

And now let's go to my home page right here.

And from my home page, if I do want to see this one, let's come here.

Let's go to this page.

And over here this is basically the username.

And this one is basically the profile name of this channel.

And over here you guys can see uh here it will just redirect me to their particular website.

If I do want to know more about their news or if I want to know more about this particular page, that

exactly what they do, I can just click onto this call to action button or this particular website.

Okay.

So that is basically the username which is there on top and in phone.

If you view, uh, you guys will be able to see.

So if I just go to home page and from here if I just go to my profile which I have over here, okay.

And in my profile you guys can see this is basically my username And over here.

This is my profile name right over here.

Okay.

And if you don't want to edit your profile, you guys can just click on Edit Profile right from here.

And let's say if you do want to change your username you guys can go to this account center from the

settings option and from Account Center you need to go to this profiles option.

Okay.

So if you just come here if you just go to this profile option, you guys will see under name.

You do have the username option okay.

So if you just click on username you guys will be able to select that in what like in your Facebook

account or in your Instagram account.

Do you want to change out the username.

So from here if you just click over here basically at this particular point you guys can come and you

guys can change the username maybe to something different.

Okay.

So it totally depends up to you to what you want to change your username to.

Okay.

And now you guys can just close up your profile right over here.

And if you do want to go back, you guys can just come here and you guys can just go back.

Okay.

So I hope you guys have got a basic idea how to edit your profile.

And I have already told you what are the key points that you should remember before creating a username

for your user account?

Totally depends on the type of account you are having.

If it's for a creator account, it will be different.

If it's for a business account, it will be different.

Okay, so now let's come here and let me just show you guys that how you will be able to generate a

username from web.

So let me just open up a new tab over here.

And from here let's search for Instagram username generator.

Okay, so if I just type this into my search bar.

Okay.

Here, you guys can see that over here.

You do have different Instagram user name generator right over here.

So if I come here, if I just go to this first one okay.

Let's see what all options they'll ask me.

So if they're asking me here you guys can see they will ask me what is my name.

And also they'll ask me that what is the category of my business?

Let's say if I just turned on my business profile option and if I tell my business name is.

Trevor.

Okay.

Or free board?

Let's say my company name is tree born.

And over here.

Now I don't want to select what kind of category it is.

So let's say we are into the food category.

And over here, if I do want to put out any number like in how many numbers I do want my username to

be, I can also mention that.

And after that they're asking me what kind of style I want my username to be like, do I want my username

to sound a bit aesthetic, or do I want it to sound a bit savage, or a bit funny or a bit cute?

I can actually mention that right over here as well.

So let me just click on random and after that I will just click on generate, which will basically give

me all this option.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see it shows me Trayvon certified here.

It shows me Trayvon blind here.

You guys can see I do have the Trayvon conductor.

I do have the Betting Tribune.

So you guys can just select all of this, and you guys can just, uh take some idea from here and you

guys can use it in your username as well.

Okay, so yeah, I hope this class was basically clear on username.

And if you want to see here you guys can see this particular guy is basically a football journalist.

Okay.

So if I just click into his account you guys can see, uh, the total character into his account or

into his username is basically around 11 words.

Okay.

And now if I just go to my home page and let's say if I just click on my home page, you guys can see

the people or my friends, those who are actually uploading their stories.

Uh, for few of them, I am able to see all their full name, but most of them, the ones who have these

three dots.

Okay, that means that their username is quite long or their username is quite big, so in that case

I am not able to actually view their account right over here.

So the same way if I come here and if I try to view any of their account, let's say here you guys can

see this is the Premier League account.

Okay.

So if you, if I just click right over here and from here, if I do want to go into their profile,

you guys can see this is basically their username.

And this is basically their profile name right over here.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter in which we will be learning more things about profile

name, like how you will be able to select a profile name for your Instagram handle.

So hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone
