Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 18, where I'll be showing you guys the theory behind shout out.

Okay, so in last class we have learned about uh, influencer marketing.

Okay.

So this is kind of the same thing okay.

That different kind of influencers, they do give a shout out to you or a shout out to your business.

You guys might you guys might have seen it is there in YouTube.

It is there in Instagram and all other social media platforms as well, to promote your particular business

or to promote any kind of product.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So first let's let me show you guys an example behind the theory of a shout out.

So over here you guys can actually see that I do have a particular Instagram page known as the Motivation

Mafia over here.

And they do have a total number of followers, which is 2.5 million followers.

Okay.

And here you guys can see they do have the story highlights cover.

Okay.

They do have their highlights of their particular story right over here.

So now let's say I do have a service or I do have a product which I want to market okay.

And if I want to come here and if I want to post something into their particular page.

So let's say if they do have a follower of 2.5 million, okay.

And from there I need to think that, okay, 5% will come into my profile to visit my particular profile.

Okay.

Out of his 2.5 million subscribers, if they see my post in their newsfeed, from there, only 5% of

the media views or 5% will basically come into my profile to check that.

What am I doing?

Okay, so from here, The 5% of 2.5 million is around 125,000.

Okay.

So over here, 1025 125,000 people will basically come to my profile and basically visit my profile.

Okay.

So this is just an hypothesis.

Okay.

This is just a prediction.

Okay.

It totally depends upon the niche which you're working.

Let's say if you are working on a restaurant business or if you're working on making a equipment or

let's say if you're in the perfume business.

Okay.

It totally depends.

We have to have a thorough research.

Okay.

That how the market is going?

What is the demand of that particular product?

Okay.

Who all are what is the age group of that particular product?

All of these things are depends, but I'm just giving you guys a brief idea about the whole thing right

over here.

Okay.

So 5% will be the media views, let's say.

And from that particular 5000 or from 1 to 125,000 people.

20% of the media views will basically come.

Okay.

And let's say out of this 25,000 people, if I check, there will be around 25% of the people who will

basically follow me.

Okay, so out of 2.5 million followers which do which they do have in their particular account, let's

say a somewhat around 6000 and 250 people will basically turn into my customer as well, or they will

basically follow my account over here as well.

Okay.

So the first thing is you need to check what is the number of followers, let's say 2.5 million.

Okay.

From there 5% of the people will basically view my post, and out of that, 5% are 20% of the people

will basically click on my profile to see what I'm basically doing.

And out of that, 25,000 people, let's say I take a prediction of 25% from that 25,000 will basically

become my follower as well.

Okay.

So in that particular case, there are a few other things which we should remember.

As I have already told you, if you are selling a product which is a cosmetic.

So in that case I should collaborate with the influencers or the pages who do promote things like cosmetics.

Who is a fashion influencer?

We should follow those pages.

If I am in a restaurant business, I should take or I should collab, or I should just do the shout

out thing with the people who are in the food vlogging business, okay, who are doing food vlogging,

who are actually reviewing different kind of foods with those kind of pages or with those kind of accounts.

And the same way, if I am selling any kind of sports gear or any kind of sport equipment, then I have

to post things in a profile or in an account where there are actually showing about sports, and also

they're telling more about athletes.

So in that case, my ratio will be more of selling my products and turning my basic followers into my

consumer.

Uh.

One day.

Okay.

And now the next point comes over here is if the amount I am paying is around 50,000.

Let's say for this many followers, I am paying him around 50,000.

So I have to calculate that what is going to be the cost per follower.

So over here, if for 6002 50 followers I am paying him around $50.

So the cost per follower is coming around eight bucks.

Okay, so over here you need to basically calculate.

And this cost per follower basically varies okay.

If I'm in the restaurant business or if I'm in a sports equipment business, or if I am in some different

kind of businesses or in the electronic business or car reselling businesses, it totally depends.

Okay, so I hope you guys have got a basic idea.

The theory behind shout out how they do basically charge you.

Okay.

And also over here we are going to see about three different types of shout out okay.

So the first one is time based shout out.

Let's say I do have a contract with a particular agency who do have an Instagram account.

And from there they're telling me that they will post my video or they will post my content only for

five hours, or let's say six hours.

We will just post your content and after that we will delete.

So they'll tell that for five hours or for two hours they are going to charge us this particular amount.

Okay.

So that is known as the time based shoutout.

And the second option is the permanent okay.

Like if you are looking to post a permanent post into their particular profile that whenever people

come and visit their account, they will see that you do have your company or your business advertisement

as well.

Okay, all the time you will have your call to action, okay.

And this time based one, which was the first one, it can be in form of a story.

It can be in form of a post as well for a particular time.

Being and permanent is for a whole time.

And it you can't give that one in a post.

Okay.

Because here you guys, you guys will understand in a better way if I just go to the third point.

And the third type of shout out is basically in story, because story automatically disappears after

24 hours, okay, after 24 hours, you won't be able to see any story shared by an account before 24

hours.

So we need to keep in mind.

So first, the first one, which is the time based shoutout, and the third one which is in story shoutout.

They can be used in form of a story into our feed.

Okay.

But the second one, which is the permanent shoutout that can be provided in form of a drill or in form

of a post only.

Okay, so now let's move on to Instagram and let's see few of the websites from where you guys can basically

collaborate with different influencers.

And also we will see some of the accounts.

So over here, as you guys can see now I'm here in my home page okay.

So from here basically if I do want to search.

So for that I will come here and let me just show you guys about the few pages.

Okay.

Let's say you are a food blogger and let's say you are, uh, you want to actually hire some bloggers.

So if I just click on this particular account okay, let's click on this particular account right over

here.

Let's go to my search box again.

And here you guys can see that I do have account of this particular, uh, digital creator.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see that he also gave a Facebook ID in her call to action button over here.

So if I want to clap, I can just DM right over here.

And here.

You guys see as she is a food blogger, or she is just actually, uh, increasing the number of followers

over here.

You guys can see she is going to different places and trying different food out.

So you guys can just hire this kind of influencers.

If you're in the restaurant business, you guys can just do some research about a particular influencer

who you are hiring as well.

Okay.

So here basically, once you have an understanding or once you do come to a conclusion that you are

going to give her this particular amount.

So she will basically drop a review about the food of your restaurant.

Then you guys can just hire this kind of people right over here.

Maybe this is not organic growth, okay?

This is not organic growth.

But we do do it sometimes.

Right?

Okay.

So many big businesses, they do influencer marketing.

And also they do use this shout out option.

And now let's come here to the search option again.

And let's say if I come to this food website or if I go to this food influencer, then over here, if

I tell them that no, I want to post something which is related to sports equipment or car selling.

If she post also anything, if I pay them also, I won't get the actual outcome of my post or on my

particular post.

Okay, but here there is a particular page known as the Sports Bible, and here they do have 7.6 million

followers.

If I come down over here and if you pay them that I do have a business where I do actually make different

kind of sports equipments.

So what they can do is they can come and basically they can post.

Let's say if I tell them, just post it in your real about the type of things we provide, we can do

that.

And over here basically I will have a better reach comparatively.

Okay, so I should actually understand what kind of count I am collaborating with, from which kind

of account.

I am trying to get a shout out.

And also we need to understand the niche we were working on.

Okay, so the calculation of each niche is kind of different.

We have to do a thorough market research about that particular product or about that particular group

of people.

Okay.

Then only we can just put out our advertisement through different kind of influencers and through different

accounts through shout outs.

Okay, so this was about different kind of Instagram pages, which you guys can actually use for for

your post if you are doing something great.

Now let's come here and let me just show you guys about few of the websites over here, and the first

website from where you guys can actually buy shout outs and basically hire influencers is the shout

card okay?

So this is one particular website right over here.

From here, this this kind of particular websites, they do act as a mediator between you and between

the influencer.

Okay, you guys can just make up an account if you do want to register for free.

You guys can come here and register for free.

If you already do have an account, you guys can basically log in.

So if you do want to check more, you guys can just click on Browse Influencers which will redirect

you to their page.

Okay.

So over here you guys can basically see that there are different kind of accounts over here okay.

They're basically from here you guys can select what kind of category.

Like what kind of uh influencer are you looking for?

Okay.

Ah.

And what kind of business are you on?

Let's say if I'm in the car business, I can just, uh, unmark all the other thing, and I can just

have this car.

And also here it shows that how many followers they do basically have and in what channels you do want.

Okay.

Whether you want it in Instagram, whether you want it in a Facebook, whether you want it in TikTok

where you don't want to increase your reach for your business, you guys can see so you guys can see

this particular account do have 136.

You guys can see the total number of subscribers as well.

Okay.

You guys can just search influencers by keyword as well.

Let's say if I search for food okay.

So if I just click on enter they will be showing me about that food as well with the creator regarding

food.

So here you guys can also check out their score.

And if you do want to check out their price, you guys can make out or register a account for free.

Okay, if you want to check out their pricing of this particular website, you guys can see it is basically

divided by month.

Okay, so over here you guys can use for free as well okay.

So 10% or $10 over here like marketplace buyer fee okay.

But here if you just take a monthly subscription here, you guys can see that you will have, uh, unlimited

credits over here.

And also you will have message threads as well.

And if you just take out their yearly offer, you guys can see it will cost around, uh, $50 for the

Pro one.

And if you are taking for a startup here, you guys can see it's around $25 per month.

So this was the shortcut.

So over here basically we do have this other website known as the Appstore.

And here you guys can see that you guys can buy shout out from influencers okay.

So here you guys can see these are the influencers who you can hire.

You guys can also see uh their rate over here okay.

And also if you do want to collab you guys can just click on to them okay.

If you just click On to their profile, it will basically redirect you into their particular page.

Okay, so here you guys can see he is a TikTok prankster and you guys can see one Instagram photo.

Uh, feed post will cost you around $3,500, and a TikTok video for 30s will cost you around $3,500

as well.

Okay, so if you want to unlock the reviews, you guys can come here and you guys can create a free

account from here as well.

You guys can check their pricing.

You guys can basically check their reviews as well.

Okay.

So you guys can use this particular platform right over here known as the collab star okay.

And if you do want to choose a platform, you guys can basically choose a platform.

Let's say I will go with Instagram and let's type my niche as food.

Okay.

So if I just come here and if I just type food, you guys can see they will basically, uh, food and

drink.

And here now they will only be showing me the pages in Instagram.

Who do promote food.

Okay.

Or the creator here.

You guys can see that they cost.

He she is a top creator over here, which is April Pollock.

And there are also different pages who actually who is a top creator as well in Instagram.

Here you guys can see if I just click on to the first one.

Okay, here you guys can see that one Instagram photo feed will cost me around 800 bucks, and one Instagram

reel into their account will cost me around 1500 bucks.

Okay, so over here you can see that she is basically reviewing a lot of the products right over here.

If I just go into their account as well, which is Krista to Tuccio.

Okay, so let's come to my Instagram and let's search for Krista.

Tuccio.

And here you guys can see that her account is right over here.

Okay.

So you guys can just post a thing up over here.

You guys can see the pricing okay.

Here it's $800.

You guys can connect with them and pay them particular amount to promote your restaurant or to promote

your delivery or to promote your product.

And also here you do have the influencer cart, okay.

Like the influencer cart.com.

You guys can come here and you guys can actually build up a community to expand their network.

Okay.

So yeah, I hope this class was clear.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.
