Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 17, where I'll be showing you guys about understanding about influencer

marketing.

Okay, so how you will be able to market whether you have a business or you are a creator, how you

will be able to do proper marketing.

I'll be showing you guys a few of the steps, which you should understand and which you should implement

while building your Instagram profile.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So at first, once you are trying to do influencer marketing in the Instagram platform, for the first

case scenario, you might have a business account and you do have a particular product and you want

to actually, uh, grow that particular product, or you want more people to get that particular service,

or you want to actually sell that particular product, whether it be a second hand car, whether it

be cosmetics, whether it be sports items, whether you do have a restaurant business or you are doing

some food delivery business.

So all the businesses basically uses the business account.

And the last goal for a business account is that they, the people or the follower will get their service

eventually, or they will be getting or going to their physical outlet to buy something or get any kind

of products for them.

Okay, so that is the main goal for a business account.

Okay.

Uh, once you increase follower and from that particular follower, few group of people will turn into

the user or consumer of that particular business.

Okay.

And the second option is or else you are an influencer who have a creator account.

Okay.

Otherwise in Instagram you can have a creator or an influencer account where you do some stand up comedy

let's say, or you are a athlete or you are basically an actor.

Okay, it totally depends.

Or you are an model.

So basically influencer marketing.

And in this particular field there are two types of influencers.

So the first one is micro influencers and the second one are macro influencers.

So under micro influencers category we do take the people who are actually location based.

Let's say you do have a restaurant business okay.

And in restaurant business, if I take a influencer who is talking about sports, that is not helping

me, right?

Okay.

So in that case, those are the type of influencers who do have around 50 to 60 K and they do food vlogging

or they do are from a particular place.

Okay.

Not worldwide.

Let's say I do have a business in the state of USA So what is my initial or what is my last goal?

I want people to come in my city, or when people come to my city or the people of my city should visit

my restaurant.

Okay, so in that case, what I can do is I can basically take some influencers from my place itself.

And over there I want them to promote my business.

So basically, it's not about that someone is having 2 million followers or in Instagram, they do have

around 2 to 3 million followers, but their niche is not matching with me.

So in that case I won't be taking them.

But the one who have 50 to 60 K subscribers and the people who have the same niche as I'm working.

If I'm in restaurant business, I will take a food vlogger or a person who actually rates food and stuff.

Okay, so this is about micro influencers.

And for macro influencers, those are worldwide influencers.

There are famous artists.

There are famous uh, influencers Like there are actors, there are fashion designers and the one those

who have more than 1 million subscribers.

Those are called as macro influencers.

So we won't be talking about macro influencers a lot.

Okay.

They do, uh, actually do some brand deals with some big brands.

Okay.

As we are getting started, we will just start slow with micro influencers, okay.

And how it actually works.

I will be showing you guys in detail right over here.

So for an example, you are in a car reselling business okay.

Let's say you are a business owner and you do have an Instagram page where you guys basically sell car

and your call to action button is there, which actually redirect the user to your particular website.

So basically you should target a influencer who does car reviews.

Okay.

But if you just take an influencer, let's say you are taking an influencer who actually rates, uh,

fashion products.

And if they come into your shop or into your place, and if they do the car review the one who does

a fashion product review, you won't get proper response because the type of followers or the type of

subscribers they do have, they are not your targeted audience.

Okay, so over here you should have a clear, targeted audience.

So in that case, as you are in the car business and you are doing car reselling and stuff, you should

take an influencer who do car reviews like they do understand about horsepower.

They do understand how to do a car review, what are the important things in a car review, and also

for selecting the influencer?

That is a quite a great job.

Okay, sometimes what we do is we just take any influencers and we don't do much research about them.

But here we need to understand that we have to do a proper research about the influencer who we are

hiring.

Okay.

We need to know that.

How many?

Like, what is his inside of his particular account?

How many people are visiting his account?

How many active users he do have.

And we should do a proper research that the post they are posting into the account for which they are

taking some amount from me, that is, will it be effective?

Like Will my marketing campaign will be successful through him.

Okay.

And if I do have a budget, let's say for influencer marketing, I do have a budget of 100,000.

Okay.

And from there now I need to segregate.

Okay.

If I take two influencers, it will cost me around 60 K okay.

And also it depends on the follower they have, how many active influencers or how many active users

they have, how many people they do visit, their profile.

Okay, we need to check all of that.

And we should do a thorough research about the influencer with whom we are going to work, okay, and

what all the influencer will basically cover.

So the first one they'll cover is the cars you have in your showroom.

Okay.

So if you have a particular product in your showroom, they will be actually getting the review of that

particular product.

They will tell why it's better, why this particular car is good then what all it does provide okay.

He will cover all of this and also he will cover the location of your business.

If you do have a car reselling business, you will have a physical outlet as well from where people

can come and maybe get a test drive.

Okay.

They can check out your cars.

You guys can basically negotiate.

Okay.

He will cover that where your particular physical shop is also located.

Okay.

And also that particular influencer should cover that.

Why it is better for you to buy the car from here okay.

Because there are also different car reselling businesses.

Right?

So the influencer should also mention that what are the things that you are providing that your other

competitors are not providing?

Over there you can tell that we are having a 5 or 6 checks.

Our process is quite smooth.

We do have this EMI options.

Okay, so these are few of the advantageous points which you guys can mention.

And the influencer can tell it to their particular audience who is from their own niche.

Okay.

So I'm just giving an example of the car reselling business.

And also over here they can tell your opening hours, let's say you are closed on Monday and Tuesday,

let's say like just for an example.

And some of the buyers, they do come to visit your shop on Monday and Tuesday, so they will be disappointed.

The first impression of you in front of them will be bad.

Okay.

It's not that, uh, there is some fault of yours, but the thing is that you should mention your opening

hours and your closing hours as well.

Okay, so the next point over here is that if you have a website, they should also provide the website

link in their post as well.

Let's say they're doing some kind of a video in your physical outlet okay.

They're getting reviews and stuff.

Otherwise, if it's a post, they can actually include the call to action button.

Let's say they can just provide.

If you want to visit their website, just click on the link in the bio okay.

So they can just provide all of these call to actions or call to action buttons which can have your

website.

Otherwise, if you do have Instagram profile, you guys can basically provide your Instagram handle

as well where you do have a much more description about the particular car or about the particular service

that you are providing.

Okay.

So yeah, I hope till this much you do have understood using this particular example.

And the next thing what we should understand is that we know that a lot of businesses nowadays they

are moving from conventional advertisement to influencer marketing.

Okay, so over there, if you just take up a look that the conventional advertisement, let's say if

you are spending $1 in return you will get $2, okay.

Whereas if in influencer marketing you are actually spending $1, you might get a return of 5 to $6

as well.

Okay.

So this is quite convenient as well.

At the same time.

And it is just worth for your bucks okay.

It is quite better than conventional advertisement because everyone can't afford a conventional advertisement

that also we need to understand okay.

So if you are just starting from the very slow or if you're just rising, okay, you need to first start

with the influencer marketing and also the budget you have for marketing.

Okay.

So the next point over here is that you need to do a proper research about the influencer you are hiring.

Okay, as I have already told you, you should do a proper research that how many how much engagement

they're getting in their post.

Okay.

What how their account is being set up okay.

How their team is like.

How their total team is.

Okay.

And also how much reach and how much active users they do have monthly in their particular page.

Okay.

That particular influencer, we should basically do a thorough research about the influencer that you

are going to hire.

Okay.

And also there are different websites from where you guys can get in touch with different influencers

as well.

Okay.

So in next class I'll be showing you guys about different kind of websites from where you guys can see

that, how you will be able to hire a influencer.

And also I will be explaining you guys about the theory of Shout outs.

Okay, so yeah, I hope you guys do have understood this particular class.

So let's take a look from the beginning.

So there are mostly two types of influencers.

One is micro influencer and another one is macro influencer.

So you should understand that what kind of niche you are working on, what kind of influencer you should

select.

And also, I have showed you guys an example that if you're hiring a particular influencer, what all

they should cover of your business, that people do come to your business and they do get your service.

Okay.

And lastly, there are a few of the points how it is better than the conventional, uh, conventional

advertisement.

Okay.

How this influencer marketing is quite good.

You should do.

And your team should do a proper research about the influencer that you're hiring.

And if you don't have a direct contact, there are different kind of website which acts as a mediator

between your business and the influencer.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.
