Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number 13, where I'll be showing you guys how you can write a perfect

caption for your post.

Okay, so over there I'll be showing you guys that what all you need to mention if you want to actually

have a perfect caption for your post in Instagram, that you will get a lot of engagement.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So over here on my screen, as you guys can see, the first point of writing a perfect caption for your

post is basically a caption actually helps you to bring on engagement.

Let's say you are posting a particular image, or you are posting a particular scenario, or any kind

of brochure or anything as such.

So you want to tell the viewer that what you want to show them through that particular image.

Okay.

Let's say you give an image of few of the boys playing cricket.

Okay.

So in that case, what you're trying to tell, you can just tell it inside the caption.

And you need to mention that what you also want them to do.

Like what is your main goal?

Are you going.

Are you looking that they will come to your post and they will engage like they will like your post,

or they will just comment on your post.

Otherwise they'll share your post.

Is that your motive?

Otherwise, is it your motive that you want them to come to your post?

And basically you want to redirect them to your website?

Let's say if it's a sale website, you are selling different kind of electronics.

And in that particular case, you can just tell that clicking the click in this particular link, we

do have a 25% off for Republic Day or let's say Christmas.

Okay.

You guys can just give that and your main motive over there is that you want to actually redirect that

particular set of people into your website or into another designated platform in which you're looking

for.

You can have multiple streams.

Okay.

Basically, you can have multiple streams of websites, let's say different kind of sales website,

different kind of blog and stuff.

Totally depends on the niche with which you're working on.

Okay.

And the next point over here is basically that captions and post do go together.

So what I mean by this particular statement is that let's say I do have a image which I want to post

in Instagram.

So that is a picture of a bird.

Okay.

Let's say it's a picture of an eagle.

But in my caption, if I just type something irrelevant, let's say I will just come here and let's

say I do have a account, which basically sells.

Or we do have a restaurant, and if I'm just posting up a eagle image over there and in my caption,

I am writing 25% off on Tuesday on my restaurant.

Does that sound really relevant to you guys?

I don't think so.

Okay.

Because if I just take up a picture of my particular shop or my restaurant, or let's say I do have

some of the specials on my item, I'll take the photos of those particular thing or I will take photos

related to my niche.

Okay.

Let's say if I'm doing or if I'm in a restaurant business, in that case, my motive will be that I

will promote food.

Basically, I will get engagement.

Let's say I can just sometimes wish them, let's say for Independence Day or there are different kind

of events, or many times the trend goes so according to the trend, according to the holiday, or according

to how things are going.

I will post things up, but my main motive should be that I want to stick with the niche that I have

already chosen.

Okay, so anything which I post basically should, uh, go with my niche.

So the point over here is that the caption which I am providing just underneath my image or the post

which I am posting.

Let it be a video or an Instagram reel.

Let it be a photo.

Okay, doesn't matter, but always my caption basically should go on with the post.

And also the next point over here is that Instagram feed basically shows your first two lines of the

caption by default.

Okay, so if you guys have used Instagram, let's say it's a personal account and once you scroll on

that, you guys will be able to see that by default it will only show you two lines.

Okay, if you do want to see the whole thing, you just need to click on See More.

So you need to understand that you do provide some of the keywords, or you do provide some interesting

thing that people will just stop there and they'll just click on see More, and they will try to look

at your whole caption.

Okay.

Like when they are actually reading your whole caption, there is a lot of chance that if it's a video,

they will click on the video and they will watch that particular video.

Okay, so I have already told you in other classes how the Instagram algorithm works, as it also records

that while just scrolling on your phone, how it will actually see that when you are stopping as well,

it also records that thing.

So it is also important right over here.

This is how it actually works.

So make sure that you use two lines which are quite attractive.

Depends on the trend, depends on the niche you are working.

There are a lot of factors okay.

You need to do your keyword research?

Is that what all keywords that you can use?

And also the next option over here is include your call to action.

Okay.

So make sure to include your CTA.

Let's say you do have something in your mind.

Okay.

Like what do you want to do?

Someone came to your page.

They did follow you.

And after that, what do you want him to do?

Do you have a restaurant business?

Do you want him to come to your restaurant?

Do you have a home delivery thing?

You want to go into your website?

You want them to go into your website and basically order from there or basically come to a restaurant.

Is that your call to action?

So you guys can just give a call to action like, uh, our location.

You guys can just provide your location where your restaurant is located.

And also you guys can provide anything.

Let's say you can provide you can order from us through this particular website or through this particular

number.

You guys can just provide your information over there as well.

Okay I'm just giving you guys an example over here.

It might be different for a different niche.

Let's say if you are selling mobile phones, if you're selling a second hand cars okay.

So your call to action basically varies depending on the type of niche you're working on.

Okay.

So about call to action.

We will understand in detail.

But I hope these four points are quite clear for you all for writing a perfect caption for your post.

So now let's go to the next one.

And over here the point is to add value in your captions.

Okay, so when you're trying to write a caption, you should not, uh, just tell something which are

not relevant, okay?

You should always include which is something relevant to your post.

Let's say if you're posting something, make sure to add some humor.

Add some of the things which will add value in your post as well.

If someone is just looking at your post, but once they read your caption and after that once they look

at your post, they will be able to relate and they will be able to add up a value which actually increases

your rate of engagement in Instagram.

And that's how he will be beneficial and your account will be beneficial as well.

And the next point over here is don't overuse emojis and use hashtags as well.

Okay, so you guys might see in Instagram that so many times there are so many hashtags which are trending

okay and why they call that this particular hashtag is trending because so many of the people in that

particular platform, they have used that particular hashtag into their post, or they have actually

posted that from their account into someone else's, uh, post, okay, into their comment section.

Otherwise they do have actually promoted that particular thing.

So you need to also understand that if someone searches about that particular hashtag, you guys also

do provide it in your post that your post also appears when anyone does search regarding that particular

hashtag.

Okay, so there is a lot of chance that they'll come across your post as well.

And more the interaction, more the engagement, more the visibility of your product or the company

or your particular account.

Okay.

And also here it says that don't overuse emojis.

It doesn't say that don't use emojis.

So there are these two things are two different things okay.

Like you can use images but don't use too much of emojis that the main message which you are trying

to give through your caption is not being verified.

Okay.

So you need to keep that particular thing in mind that you do use emojis, but don't use like don't

overuse that particular thing.

Okay, so you guys can just use a few.

Okay.

Depends on the type of caption you're using, how long it is, how small it is.

And also the next point over here is that do mention the relevant account.

Okay.

So we do have a particular chapter on mentioning okay how you will be able to mention some account.

Let's say you are in a restaurant business okay.

And there is something going on.

Let's say you are selling fried chicken and you are selling buns.

Okay.

So in that particular case, what you guys can do is you guys can just put out some other restaurants,

or you guys can basically provide or mention some other people who are actually joint with that particular

account.

Okay.

So you need to understand that you do mention the relevant accounts.

Okay.

And what I mean by relevant account over here is make sure to mention only those people who will come

here and engage in your post.

Let's say you do have mentioned a lot of people, but no one comes there and no one's actually coming

to your account and no one is getting engaged, so it is not helping you in any way.

Okay, so make sure to mention the relevant accounts who will help you to engage.

And you guys are actually relevant to each other as well.

Okay.

So the next point over here is the length of your caption should not be too long or too short.

Okay, so I hope this one was clear, but let me just tell you the thing that how many characters are

there?

So there are basically 2200 characters, but you can use somewhere around 400 to 450 characters only.

Okay, so over there, you need to make sure that you are not over using all the characters because

no one have that much of time that if you are providing a 2200 characters in your caption, they will

read out the whole thing, so you need to segregate that.

What type of keywords you want to put throughout that 400 to 450 characters, which includes the spaces

in between?

Okay, you need to understand that and also how to provide the call to action option as well.

Make sure to keep it small and keep it classy.

Okay, make sure to mention few of the accounts, but make sure to use different kind of hashtags.

Okay, which are trending or which is too much relevant with your post.

Okay, you guys can just mention those things out over here.

Okay, so make sure to use something around 400 to 450 characters only.

And last option over here is do include a bit of description about yourself to the one who doesn't know

you.

Okay, let's say you are an influencer or you are a creator.

Okay, so in that case, let's say you do have a particular course or you are a tech company.

In that case, you guys are actually putting up a course on your, uh, Instagram account, like you

guys have just released up a new course in your website and you're calling people to join your e-learning

course.

Okay.

So they'll see that particular post, but if you do provide a bit of your description, it actually

helps to create a bit of transparency between you and the one who is taking your service.

Okay, you guys can tell that like I am a, uh, educator, I master in graphic designing and video

editing.

So we do have a course like that.

I have been doing this thing for a long time and a bit of description about yourself.

Okay, you guys can just tell yourself how you are, who you are, and it will actually give out a good

impression about yourself to the one who is taking the service.

Okay?

It actually creates a trust among the user who is going to get your particular service.

Okay, so this was about that.

Now we will move on to Instagram and we will see some of the captions which are used by different users

over into this particular platform.

So over here, as you guys can see now I'm here in my home page right over here.

And let's say now if I do come here and if I do check out the caption of this particular post here.

You guys can see I do have something written right over here.

And if I just click on more here, you guys can see that I do have a description right over here.

And let's try to see for other things or other account.

Let's go with Puma.

And over here.

Now let's click right on top.

And from here if I just click on any of their post, you guys can see they do have mentioned this particular

athlete right over here.

Okay.

So while you are mentioning you need to use this at the rate and after that you need to use this particular

uh, name.

Okay.

Or their account name.

Okay.

And also here you guys can see uh here they do have a description.

And also over here they do have used this particular hashtag which is forever faster.

And hashtag wrote to Paris 2024.

Okay.

So over here, these are few of the things.

And if I want to show you guys these are the things right over here as well.

You guys can see they do have mentioned Jarvis Simmons.

And over here you guys can see that they do have the hashtag over here as well.

Okay.

So if I come here and let's say I can just mention other people right over here as well.

Let's say if I come here and if I just type Puma here, you guys will be able to see that I will be

able to mention them over here in my comment as well.

Okay, so with mentioning we do have a different chapter, okay, which we will look in detail in our

upcoming classes, like how you will be able to mention someone.

Okay, we will learn about mentioning in detail okay.

But over here I am just trying to show you guys about few of the options by which you guys can come

here and you guys can work.

Let's go with some of the edtech companies.

Okay, let's say I will just go with ten minutes school.

Okay, so over here, you guys can see that I do have their particular account.

And over here you guys can see how they have actually maintained it.

And also this is a brilliant edtech company.

And if you click here you guys can see that they do have used a lot of hashtags right over here as well.

Okay.

So here you guys can see how they do have a just explained what they're providing right over here.

If I do click on this particular post here, you guys can see they do have actually a lot of these things

as well.

So come here and let's search for Byju's over here okay.

So here you guys can see this is another edtech platform okay.

If I do have search this thing.

And if I click on this one here you guys can see they also do have actually uh these hashtags okay.

So they also do have this particular hashtags right over here.

And also they are providing not a big caption but few lines caption right over here as well.

So totally depends on the niche which you're working on okay.

And also what you are expecting from your post.

So yeah, I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then, take care and goodbye everyone.


