Hello everyone and welcome you all to another chapter of the Instagram marketing course.

So now we are on our chapter number six, where I'll be showing you guys by writing your bio in Instagram.

So I'll be telling you guys few of the things.

What you should understand while writing your bio in Instagram that you can actually create a strong

profile for yourself.

So let's not waste time and let's get started.

So at first when you are trying to write your bio, okay, it should basically explain what your profile

is all about.

Okay, so if you are a company who do provide e-learning courses or you are a edtech company, in that

case you guys can provide that.

You do provide you with this courses.

You do have live classes.

You do have pre-recorded classes.

You guys can explain all of those things right over here.

Because once a person basically enters your profile, they do see your profile picture first, then

they do see what's the username.

After that, they do look at your bio.

And also they do look at your call to action button okay.

So you need to understand that your bio basically should sell okay.

Otherwise if I tell it simple word, once someone actually reads your bio, they should understand that

what you're providing or what your aim is to them.

Okay, so the next one is your objective should be explained within 150 characters okay.

So the maximum in bio you can actually give 150 characters.

So you can't exceed more than 150 character, which is including the space as well.

Okay, so in between letters, if you put a space that will be count as one character.

Okay.

So you need to make sure that you keep your bio small and you keep it very meaningful that people understand

that what you are doing, let's say you need to find something quite amazing that people understand

that what you are providing.

And well, if you do have a personal account in Instagram as well, you guys can put up a bio for your

account.

Okay, but as this particular course is about Instagram marketing, if you don't want to grow your account,

then in that case marketing is not applicable.

Okay, so if you do have a personal account, it is actually not used for growth.

Okay.

So this is only for the creators, the businesses and for the influencers who are in Instagram.

Okay?

Otherwise, if you are planning to turn your personal account into a professional account right over

here.

So you should have a goal with the people you have, okay?

Like you should have an idea that okay, as my followers, I want them to go into my website or I want

them to buy it from my store.

For influencers you want, let's say you are a YouTube content creator.

So from Instagram you are expecting that the crowd from Instagram basically comes to your YouTube channel

and they subscribe to your channel right over here.

So you need to make a clear objective that what you are wanting from them.

Okay.

What is your expectation out of them so you guys can explain that expectation.

You guys can explain what you do in 150 words, that it is quite clear between the one who watches you

and also from your side, that there is no confusion and you are clear from both the parts.

Okay.

And the third point, which I want to say is once you're writing your bio, use emojis and symbols as

pointers.

Okay.

And try avoiding to use paragraph as this is only 150 characters.

Okay.

Try using pointers.

And if you do want to write different points.

Okay.

In that case, make sure to use different kind of emojis.

Make sure to use different kind of symbols once you work.

Okay.

And the next point is you should tell or you should explain people why people should follow you.

Okay.

Let's say you are providing a particular service.

So there are other people also those who are providing the same service as you.

So why the people should follow you and not them.

Okay.

So you need to do some research regarding the businesses who actually provide the same service as well.

And you should point out what unique thing or what is the advantage of your business that no one else

is providing, or you are providing better than the other competitors.

So if that particular thing is explained or that is written in your bio, it is a very good plus point.

Okay, as people will read and they can actually compare between them and you and they'll think, okay,

this particular guy is providing this, but not them.

So I should come here and I should follow him.

So basically, you should have a unique feature comparing to your competitors in the same market.

Okay.

And the next thing is you need to make sure that you are using some of the important keywords according

to your niche.

Okay.

Let's say you do have a bakery.

So in that case, if you do have a Instagram account you can use some of the keywords, let's say baked

goods, let's say cookies.

Okay.

You guys can actually write a decent bio in which there you do have few of the primary keywords that

people mostly search.

Okay.

So once you write your bio, what you can also do is you guys can see that what are the keywords over

there?

And afterwards you guys can also do your keyword research okay.

If you want to do the keyword research very easily, you guys can use ChatGPT and you guys can use Gemini

okay.

You guys can also use them.

And also there are different websites like of Vidiq and stuff.

You guys can use those as well.

And it is quite important that you use the popular hashtags of your category.

As I was talking about the bakery stuff, you guys can just put Hashtag bakery.

You guys can put hashtag cookies and breads.

Okay, so these are the few examples.

If those are mostly searched in that particular category, you guys can use those hashtags into your

bio as well.

Okay, so once you use these things, once people search that particular keyword, maybe your profile

will be shortlisted in the Explore Zone or the when people search, your profile will be quite visible.

Okay, so make sure to use few of the hashtags inside your bio.

You need to make sure that you use important keywords as well, which will optimize your account.

And also if you do want to include your contact information, let's say you guys can select that.

If do you want them to reach you through your Facebook account?

Do you want them to reach you through call or through text?

You guys can select and provide your contact information accordingly.

Or do you want them to contact you through your email or regarding any ideas or regarding, uh, different

collaborations.

You guys can put up your contact information inside your bio.

Okay.

And lastly, you can use different kind of clickable tags.

Okay.

So there are different kind of clickable tags which you guys can provide inside your bio.

And also the same which is the relevant hashtags according to your niche.

So now we will move on to Instagram website and see how you will, uh, how few of the successful influencers

they do have their profile bio, like how they're actually telling in 150 words that what all they provide,

how they are unique in their particular niche.

So let's move on to Instagram and let's see.

So over here, as you guys can see now I am here in the home page of Instagram.

So over here basically let me show you guys a few of the bios and also how you can actually edit your

bio.

So if you just come right over here and if you just go to your profile from the left hand side, let's

say I will come here, I will just click on profile.

Let's, let's click on this edit profile.

And if you just come underneath over here, you guys can see that you do have the option of writing

your own bio.

Okay.

So over here you guys can see the maximum length over here is basically 150 characters.

Okay I have already told you that it also include the spaces as well.

Okay, so you guys can just, uh, provide all of those information right over here.

If you do want to use emojis, you guys can use emojis.

And also let's say you do have a call to action button.

Okay.

Let's say your plan is that the viewer who are coming to your Instagram handle, you do want to forward

them into your website.

Okay.

So in that case you can just type over here as well.

Like click in the link bio.

Or you can just put up a sign and just tell link uh underneath this.

Or you guys can just put out any text or anything right over here and simply you can just put the call

to action button underneath.

So you need to make sure that you are using all of those keywords which are actually available and which

will basically relate with your topic.

Okay.

Totally depends up to the niche you are choosing.

Okay.

If you are choosing a particular niche, which actually, uh, is a tech, let's say, and if you're

using some Of the keywords which doesn't relate to your video okay, or which doesn't relate to your

profile, it won't actually work okay.

Otherwise it would give you much benefit.

But you need to make sure that if you're making a videos regarding edtech, you should use the keywords

which are there.

And sometimes you might think, okay, if what I want to do like if do I need to change the bio each

and every time?

Let's say if you're working in edtech, you can update your bio time to time because according to the

algorithm, it will push your videos.

Okay.

So you need to make sure of that.

Like if you're providing only freelancing courses today and tomorrow, if you start providing basic

computer classes.

So in that case, you guys should inform that in your bio as well.

You can update your bio okay.

And also put those keywords that it will go to the other people as well.

Those who are searching for a general computer training instead of a freelancing training.

Okay, so these are few of the simplest way of how you will be able to do this.

And also over here you do have, uh, these professional account option.

Okay.

If you come here and from here you guys can just provide your email.

You guys can provide your WhatsApp number, which I have told you.

Okay.

If, uh, in the bio itself.

Okay.

Let's say if in the bio itself you do want to provide your email or you can tell that we are available

in this, this, this platform.

And if you do want to put out those handle, let's say if you put those handles right over here it won't

be clickable okay.

And sometimes we can just take a website and maybe put it right over here as well.

So we can do that over here also.

So now let me show you guys few of the websites okay.

Let's come here And, uh, let's type edtech.

Okay, so if I just search for edtech and if I just click on enter here, you guys can see that I do

have few of these options.

Okay.

So here you guys can see there is a tech learning official.

Here is Chico Dot EdTech.

If I click on this one here you guys can see that this particular website, they basically uh do have

the uh what all they provide okay.

Over here.

They do have that information.

They do have the emoji.

And also over here you guys can see that they do have their location.

Also if you just take a look here, uh, they actually do have the call to action button.

Okay.

So this is how it will basically push you uh, which are related over here in the website.

Okay.

So you guys can come here and check those things out.

So now again, let's go back Let's go to the search button right over here.

And now if I just type gaming, let's say if you are making gaming videos and stuff or you are streaming

here, you guys can see that I do have all of this option.

Okay.

So you guys can come here and you guys can check all of these pages right over here.

So you guys can see that we do have a description as well.

And if I come here and let's say if I just show you a few of the famous websites, let's say.

Adidas.

And let's click on enter.

And over here let me go to the main Adidas page over here.

You guys can see that.

Also they do have a hashtag in their bio.

And also they do have all these options.

Okay.

So there is Adi Dassler str.

Okay.

So over here you guys can check those things out as well.

And if anyone search with these keywords basically they will give them this Adidas page.

Okay.

And over here if I just go to the Canva page let's come here and let's go to the cattle page right over

here and here.

Basically you guys can see that in their bio.

They do have that.

We are a design tool that makes it possible to design anything and publish anywhere.

So just by reading this one you do understand if you don't have any knowledge about Canva, you did

get an idea of what Canva is about, right?

And also they do have the call to action button.

They are telling that they are provided service provider here.

You do have any kind of emojis as well.

At the same time, if I come here and if I just type.

Adobe.

Okay, so over here you guys can see there is Adobe Illustrator.

There is Adobe Photoshop.

If you want to check over here, you guys can see here they're telling you to tag your photo edits with

hashtag made with Photoshop.

Okay.

So if you use this particular hashtag they will basically be featured over here.

And here you guys can check a lot of people's or creator's work over here into this particular channel.

So let's come here and let's try to go with graphic or let's go with digital marketing.

So if I just type digital marketing.

Let's click on enter.

And over here you guys can see they're basically pushing me different kind of accounts okay.

So if I come here and from here.

If I just take only this here, you guys can see that he do have his Fiverr account over here.

Okay.

He is a digital creator, so you guys can just check him out.

So his main goal is basically used to, uh, get you to their YouTube account.

And also they do have their website as well.

But this particular website is not a clickable website.

Okay.

So over here you would be able to click this thing and go there.

Okay.

So again over here let me just type digital marketing.

AdWords have typed that one here.

You guys can see that I do have uh, this girl's account okay.

So see she is a digital marketer.

And here you guys can see that she do have used emojis over here and here just by reading this one,

you should understand that what she does.

Okay, so digital marketing expert and here helping business to grow grow organically.

And also if you do want to DM to your social media management you guys can do there.

But one thing is missing at this particular page is the call to action button.

Okay.

So maybe she do have removed it or she did put yet.

But here she already put that click here.

But there is no clickable option okay.

So inside your link itself okay.

Like inside your bio itself you should add those data.

Or you should add all those information that were to click and stuff.

So now let's go back.

And yeah I hope this class was clear.

So I hope to see you all in the next chapter.

Till then take care and goodbye everyone
